# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 Silently
understood
6 "Dear" advice
giver
10 Clock sound
14 "Well done!"
15 Early Yucatan
dweller
16 Nebraska tribe
17 Sweet toast
topper
20 "No no gain"
21 Cancel
22 Book of maps
23 Peace and quiet
25 -shanter:
Scottish cap
27 State with
13-Down: Abbr.
29 Fruity bread
topper
35 Inform (on)
36 Group of bits, in
computer
storage
37 Other half, so to
speak
38 Be next to
40 Wood-dressing
tool
42 Init. response
team
43 Complaint of "the
weary"
46 Kick into a net
49 Quilting party
50 "Schmeared"
bagel topper
52 Wimbledon
do-over
53 Made the scene
54 Terse order to a
chauffeur
56 Model of
excellence
59 Assign stars to
62 Leadership org.
for females
65 Waist woe
(caused,
perhaps, by
overindulgence
in 17-, 29- and
50-Across)
68 Hang in the
balance
69 Schedule opening
70 Without letup
71 Hang around
72 Move cautiously
73 Enjoys a kiddie
pool
DOWN
1 1/16 of a cup: Abbr.

2 Greek city on its
own gulf
3 Politician in a
political cartoon,
e.g.
4 A former Mrs.
Trump
5 Garage service
6 Word of
agreement
7 The of Avon
8 Boring way to
learn
9 "Whoopee!"
10 Direct, as a
confrontation
11 " cost you!"
12 Bubbly drink
13 Largo, West, etal.
18 Like roads with
many potholes
19 Copier problem
24 Chem room
26 'Washboard"
muscles
27 Old Cannes
cash
28 Repair bill line
30 School support
org.
31 Rock climber's
stop
32 Windblown
desert plant
33 Cosmetician
Lauder

34 Odometer button
39 Container at an
afternoon
service, maybe
41 Playwright Akins
44 Lowercase
45 Cable sta. for old
films
47 Hibachi residue
48 Summer sign
51 Proclaim
55 Loy of 'The Thin
Man"

56 Mischievous
tykes
57 Try to reduce
65-Across
58 Ferber or Best
60 Popeyed
61 Place for a beret
63 Sugar source
64 Puts two and two
together?
66 Language suffix
67 Sock-in-the-jaw
sound

By Mangesh Sakharam Ghogre

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2010 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


