# Back from the North
## 
### 
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
li. I). Dumars, '01, has returned
from Alaska, where he has been

engaged in a coal mining venture
north of Cape Nome. With A. G.
Maddren, ex-'OO, he helped form
the Corwm Coal Mining Company,
buying the United States revenue
cutter "Corwin" for the company's
vessel. Since last April he and
Maddren with other members of
the company have been mining
coal and selling it at Nome and
other Alaskan points. The venture
was in every way a success, aml
the company now owns some ex
tremely valuable coal claims, and
half-interests in a large number of
gold mines. Dumars, who has been
joined here by his mother from
Washington, 1). C., will re-enter
the University until next spring,
when he will go north again.
Maddren is at Port Townsend,
where the "Corwin" is wintering.
