# Rifle Club Chooses Managers Tonight
## 
### 
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
Managers of the rifle and pistol
teams will be elected tonight at the
weekly meeting of the Stanford Rifle
and Pistol Club in the lobby of the
Administration Building at 7 o'clock.
Captain Bird of the R.O.T.C. will
officiate as the faculty adviser for
the club. A speech on organizing a
.30 caliber rifle team will be given
by Bill Hanscon, who will act as
coach for the rifle team.
After the meeting, target practice
will be held at the range. President
Harry Ogilvie urges that all members
attend.
