# Foil and Mask Society to Be Guests of California
## 
### 
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
Friday evening the Foil and Mask
fencing society will he the guests of
La Rapiere, the fencing society of the
University of California. The custom
of holding joint meetings was started
two years ago to increase the interest
in fencing in both universities and to
bring better acquaintance between the
colleges. Two meetings are held each
semester, one at Stanford and one at
California. The meetings are purely
social, generally in the form of in
formal bouts or round robins.
