# Varsity Quintet to Meet Davis in Final
## Games Friday and Tuesday Will Finish up Basketball Season 
### 
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
Davis Farm School will meet the
varsity quintet in the final game of the
California - Nevada Intercollegiate
League at Davis, tomorrow night.
Coach Wilson will take six men with
him on the trip. Following the con
test, Friday, Santa Clara will play
here next Tuesday, for the final game
of the basketball season.
Captain Wheatly, Estes, Roney,
Righter, Sullivan and Greve will be
the men who are to play at Davis. If
Wheatly's injury allows he will start
at center. Righter will go in to re
lieve him, Estes and Roney will be
the forwards, and Sullivan and Greve
will hold down the guard position.
The men have had a good rest after
the games with the University of Ne
vada and Oregon Agricultural College
and should be in good shape for the
two final contests. In the last game
with Santa Clara the Cardinal was de
feated, and at present Santa Clara is
at the top of the California-Nevada
League. If Stanford can hand them a
defeat in this final contest the two
teams will be tied.
