# Van Noppen Says Milton Got Ideas From Dutch Poet
## 
### 
"Vondel and Milton" was the subject
of the second of a series of lectures
on Dutch literature, Riven by Dr.
Leonard Van Noppen in the Little
Theater yesterday afternoon. Dr. Van
Noppen showed the influence of Von
del's greatest drama, "Lucifer," on
Milton's larger works, especially
"Paradise Lost," and he read a num
ber of parallelisms from the two
works proving that Milton "borrowed
phrase, episode, and character" from
the Dutch poet.
Outlines Story of "Lucifer."
Dr. Van Noppen also outlined the
story of the "LucifeV," and comment
ing on it, said that "the physical im
mensity of the poem is unsurpassed."
A third lecture will be given by Dr.
Van Noppen in the Little Theater this
afternoon at 4:15 on "Van Eodon and
the Poets of Today."
