# FACULTY ENTERTAINS SENIORS AT SMOKER
## 
### 
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
Members of the senior class and hold
overs were entertained by the men of
the faculty in the Faculty Clubhouse on
Friday night. An informal program
with smokes and refreshments provided
an enjoyable get-together for the stu
dents and faculty. The committee in
charge of the affair, which was headed
by Professor V. J. West, hopes that it
will be the precedent for more such
meetings.
