# WINS POETRY PRIZE
## 
### 
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
Clifford C. Matlock's poem, "Rest,"
won first prize of $50 in the annual
Clarence Urmy Award Contest, the
Department of English announced
yesterday. Second and third prizes
were both won by Robert A. Hume.
Contestants wishing to have their
poems should call at the English
department office.
