# U.S. Willing To Support World Trade Conclave
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
WASHINGTON, June 2. (/P) —'The
United States will attend if the
Lausanne Conference holds an ad
journed meeting at London for the |
sole purpose of discussing how world
economic conditions can be bettered.
This willingness to participate in
a purely economic conference was
disclosed at the state department a
short time after representatives of
western states had asked President
Hoover to suggest that silver be in
cluded in any international meeting
attended by this government. I
