# SPURNED HAWAIIAN DRAGS SWEETHEART TO VOLCANO GRAVE
## 
### 
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
HILO, Hawaii, June 2. (TP) —Into
the red death of Halemaumau fire
pit of Kilauea volcano, WilKam
Nunes jumped today. Authorities
said, with the sweetheart he ap
parently had killed.
With powerful glasses Hawaiian
National Park rangers located the
bodies of the pair on a ledge 800
feet below the brink of the 1,200
foot deep pit.
Two days ago Margaret Enos, high
school student, rejected Nunes' offer
of marriage. Early this morning he
entered her sister»s home where
Margaret lived and at the point of
a pistol ordered her to leave with
him.
The sister, Mrs. Manuel Furtado,
grappled with Nunes who shot her
in the hand and then escaped with
the girl. Police were notified and
an alarm spread.
It takes ten thousand years for
one ton of coal to form under fa
vorable conditions.
