# Committee Cancels Art Roundtable
## 
### 
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
A round - table discussion on
modern art, announced for this af
ternoon by the Stanford University
calendar, has been canceled, Miss
Peggy Boothe, secretary to the
Public Exercises Committee, an
nounced yesterday.
Wolfgang.Paalen, one of the art
ists scheduled to discuss a recent
Stanford Art Gallery exhibit on
modern art, has been called to Mex
ico.
