# Lyon to Join S.R.I. Board
## 
### 
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
Dr. Wallace Sterling, president oi'
Stanford University, announced
Tuesday that Leonard S. Lyon Sr.
of Los Angeles has accepted an in
vitation of the University's trustees
to join the board of directors of
Stanford Research Institute. Dr.
Sterling is chairman of the Insti
tute's board.
Mr. Lyon is senior member of the
firm of Lyon & Lyon, patent and
trade-mark attorneys of Los An
geles. He is president of the Cali
fornia Institute Research Founda
tion and has served for many years
as a member of the Patent Office
Advisory Committee to the Secre
tary of Commerce.
The new board member is a 1918
graduate of Stanford University and
has been lecturer on patent law at
the Law School since 1922. He has
been adviser on patent procedures
to Stanford Research Institute for
more than a year.
