# CHINESE STUDENTS' CLUB
## 
### 
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
Members of the Chinese Students'
Club are invited to a social given
by the San Jose Chinese Stu'dents'
Club after the Spartan-Fresno State
football game in the Student Cen
ter, Third and East San Antonio,
San Jose, from 10:30 until 1 Friday
night.
