# Quad Photos
## 
### 
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
Individual Quad pictures will be
taken today of Wilbur and Stern
freshmen at Stern. The pictures will
be taken from 9 a.m. to noon, and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
Men are asked to wear a coat and
tie.
