# Professor Loeb's Visit.
## 
### 
Jacques Loeb, professor of
physiology in Chicago University,
is spending his three months' vaca
tion at Pacific Grove where he is
carrying on some investigations in
his particular field, working in the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory. He
expresses great enthusiasm over the
beauty of the coast in tlmt region
and the richness of the biological
material to be found there.
Frofessor Loeb visited the Uni
versity today as the guest of Pro
fessor Jenkins. He gave some very
interesting demonstrations to ad
vanced students in Physiology and
others on the physiological action
of electric discharges. The demon
strations were those which he re
cently gave before the physiological
section of the Medical Congress.
Jacques Loeb, professor of
physiology in Chicago University,
is spending his three months' vaca
tion at Pacific Grove where he is
carrying on some investigations in
his particular field, working in the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory. He
expresses great enthusiasm over the
beauty of the coast in tlmt region
and the richness of the biological
material to be found there.
Frofessor Loeb visited the Uni
versity today as the guest of Pro
fessor Jenkins. He gave some very
interesting demonstrations to ad
vanced students in Physiology and
others on the physiological action
of electric discharges. The demon
strations were those which he re
cently gave before the physiological
section of the Medical Congress.
Jacques Loeb, professor of
physiology in Chicago University,
is spending his three months' vaca
tion at Pacific Grove where he is
carrying on some investigations in
his particular field, working in the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory. He
expresses great enthusiasm over the
beauty of the coast in tlmt region
and the richness of the biological
material to be found there.
Frofessor Loeb visited the Uni
versity today as the guest of Pro
fessor Jenkins. He gave some very
interesting demonstrations to ad
vanced students in Physiology and
others on the physiological action
of electric discharges. The demon
strations were those which he re
cently gave before the physiological
section of the Medical Congress.
Jacques Loeb, professor of
physiology in Chicago University,
is spending his three months' vaca
tion at Pacific Grove where he is
carrying on some investigations in
his particular field, working in the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory. He
expresses great enthusiasm over the
beauty of the coast in tlmt region
and the richness of the biological
material to be found there.
Frofessor Loeb visited the Uni
versity today as the guest of Pro
fessor Jenkins. He gave some very
interesting demonstrations to ad
vanced students in Physiology and
others on the physiological action
of electric discharges. The demon
strations were those which he re
cently gave before the physiological
section of the Medical Congress.
Jacques Loeb, professor of
physiology in Chicago University,
is spending his three months' vaca
tion at Pacific Grove where he is
carrying on some investigations in
his particular field, working in the
Hopkins Seaside Laboratory. He
expresses great enthusiasm over the
beauty of the coast in tlmt region
and the richness of the biological
material to be found there.
Frofessor Loeb visited the Uni
versity today as the guest of Pro
fessor Jenkins. He gave some very
interesting demonstrations to ad
vanced students in Physiology and
others on the physiological action
of electric discharges. The demon
strations were those which he re
cently gave before the physiological
section of the Medical Congress.
