# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
The announcement made in another
column by the chairman of the Fac
ulty Committee on Public Entertain
ments deserves to bring forth such a
response from the community as will
insure the appearance in Assembly
Hall of (he three great artists who
have been tentatively engaged. The
opportunities of the Stanford public
for hearing good music are too lim
ited itt present. The chance that the
performers with whom negotiations
are being carried on, may come here,
should be converted to a certainty.
The slow sale of tickets for the sea
son is all that raises a doubt as to
the occurrence of the recitals. If the
public wishes to hear these people
they will not lose the opimrtunity of
making up, in part, rhe loss of the
music formerly heard in Memorial
Church.
