# Water Main Excavations Will Be Finished Friday
## 
### 
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
Installation of the new water main
system along Lasuen street will be
completed by Friday, according to
Superintendent Button of the Stanford
corporation yards.
Excavation work is being completed j
on Mountain View avenue for a second j
system. These two lines, although j
erected at a cost of more than $2,000,
will provide adequate water facilities
to all new homes upon the south side
of the campus.
