# Stanford Athletes Not to Enter Golden Gate Swim
## 
### 
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
No Cardinal team will enter in the;
Golden Gate swim Sunday, October 11, j
as Stanford athletes may compete 011 j
Sunday. Carl Stevenson, stellar Card
middle and long-distance man, is train
ing for the race and will enter unat
tached. The Gate is a mile and three
tenths wide at the point where the swim
will take place and the cold water and
strong currents make the race a test of
endurance as well as speed.
Over ninety entries have been received
for the event. Ernst Brandsten, Stan
ford swimming coach, may act as the
pilot for the boat which accompanies
Stevenson.
