# CABINET TO CONVENE
## 
### 
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
Senior Cabinet of the Y. W. C. A.
■will meet tomorrow evening at G
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse, to
formulate plans for the year. Freshman
groups will be organized soon. Miss
Aimee Belle Thomas will be in charge
of the work.
