# Relief Program Meets Opposition of Senators
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 </P>.—
Opposition to President Roosevelt's
£4.880,000,000 relief program grant
ing him broad powers today was well
on its way toward crystallization in
the Senate.
That a concerted effort on the part
of some Democrats and old line Re
publicans to strike from the measure
authority for the President to make
grants to needy individuals will be
made was apparent.

Senator Norris say& the Republican
side of the Senate chamber looks
like a picked chicken.
