# RUBLE MEETING
## Frosh Discuss Fun Stan With Council Members 
### 
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
"It seems to me that people
consider (he Fundamental Stand
ard is unimportant." This state
ment was typical of many opin
ions expressed by Roble women
when members of the Men's and
Women's Council met with corri
dors to explain the Fundamental
Standard and the Honor Code.
The members stressed that the ,
Fundamental Standard is not a I

law, but rather a minimum stand
ard of conduct.
The Council's stand on drinking
and drunk driving was outlined.
Punishment for both offenses is
severe—usually suspension from
the University. Women were told
of instances when this and other
actions were taken, though no
names were used, in keeping with
the Council's pledge of secrecy.
In contrast to the negative opin
ion the women had of the Funda
mental Standard, most felt that
the Honor Code is upheld and is a
successful part of Stanford life.
Discussing the third-person re
sponsibility, the Council members
emphasized the fact that it takes
courage to turn in Honor Code
violators. Social pressures as well
as friendships may prevent vio
lations from being reported. For
this reason the identity of the
accuser is not revealed without
In conclusion, the women were
asked if they thought the fresh
men would read a new Honor
Code and Fundamental Standard
booklet if it wore printed. Most
felt that they would not take the
time to read it unless something
came up when they would need it,
because "It is not important."
