# Adv. 4 Page 3
## 
### 
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
CERTAINLY YOU WILL
ENJOY DINING
—AT—
The Pepper
Tree Inn
SPECIAL DINNER
Monday and Tuesday
5:30—7:30
85c
Choicest of foods served in
pleasant surroundings
BRYANT AT LYTTON
P.A. 834-J
