# "Noisy" Jazz Instruments Are Banned at Cambridge
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
LONDON, Nov. 4. (/P) —Students liv
ing at Cambridge University have re
cently been limited in their use of
musical instruments. Hitherto they
have been allowed to produce all the
noisy syncopations that ukeleles, ban
jos, saxophones, and drums are capa
ble of. Under the new ruling only such
"quiet" instruments as pianos and
violins may be used, but the students
do not allow this to handicap them in
their production of jazz effects.
