# STANFORD HOOVER CLUB BROADCASTS TALKS OVER KPO
## 
### 
In an effort to present to the public
the position of Herbert Hoover 011 the
Stanford campus and to show why he
should appeal to university men and
women, the Stanford-for-Hoover Club
will broadcast over KPO between
10:30 and 11:00 o'clock tonight. The
program will answer the Smith Club
radio broadcast of over a week ago
which, the Hoover Club believes, gave
the public the impression that Stan
ford was for Smith.
Philip Cavalero, president of the
student body; Eleanor Davidson, last
year's president of the A.W.S., and
Herbert Wenig, president of the
Stanford-for-Hoover Club, will be the
speakers. Robert Littler, instructor
in Public Speaking in the University,
and member of the Speakers' Bureau
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, will make a short answer to
Governor Smith's last speech which
will be broadcast during the hour just
previous to the Stanford Club pro
gram.
