# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.

Three members of the great Stanford football team that played winning
football against U.S.C. but failed to win. Heinecke and Post helped to smear
play after play and convinced the Trojans they could not gain through the
Cardinal line. Frentrup saw action in the last half.
