# Stanford Alumna Is Made Emeritus
## 
### 
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
San Jose State Teachers College
recently honored a Stanford alumna
when it granted its first emeritus
professorship to Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Fadden, '01. For 32 years she has
been head of the school's health de
partment. The honor was conferred
at commencement exercises there
last week.
