# Hoover Library Work Starts Soon
## 
### 
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
Ground will be broken for the
towering new Hoover Library on
War, Revolution and Peace toward
the end of summer quarter, Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson revealed
last night, as final plans for the
fourth major addition to the Stan
ford campus in as many years were
being studied.
Except for the Hoover library,
however, summer quarter study will
be uninterrupted by noises from con
struction and maintenance crews
this year. In fact, it will be the
quietest summer for building and
maintenance work on buildings and
grounds in many years, officials of
the Comptroller's office report.
Contracts for the Hoover Library
are scheduled to be let within the
next few weeks, and Jackson indi
cated construction of the structure
will start late in July or early in
August.
