# Exam Change Deadline Today
## 
### 
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
Today is the deadline for filing
petitions for changes in spring
quarter final examination sched
ules, according to Registrar Har
vey Hall.
Exam chango petitions must lie
turned in to tho Registrar's Of
fice, Room 111-R, Inner Quad, be
tween 8 a.m. and noon and be
tween 1 and 5 p.m.
The 1959-60 Courses and De
grees booklet is now available in
the Registrar's Office, ill-A.
