# Council Seeks Code Suggestions
## 
### 
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
Persons with recommendations
or suggestions concerning Honor
Code violations or ihe adminis
tration of the Honor Code may
contact Bob Linneman, Judicial
Council chairman, or any other
member of Ihe Judicial Council,
cither personally or by leaving a
message in the Council office.
Judicial Council members can
help with problems such as pro
fessors being inaccessible during
exams or exam situations that
encourage Honor Code violations,
said Linneman.
"Judicial Council is not inter
ested exclusively in Honor Code
violations," Linneman explained.
"We are also concerned with im
proving the administration of the
Honor Code and Fundamental
Standard."
