# HARRIS RYAN SPEAKS TO CIVIL ENGINEERS
## 
### 
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
"Possibility of Water Power De
velopment on the Pacific Coast," was
the subject of a lecture by Professor
J. Harris Ryan, head of the Electrical
Engineering department, before the
Civil Engineering Society, yesterday
evening.
In his talk Professor Ryan showed
that the power possibilities in the
coast states are unlimited with an
efficient control of water resources.
The lecture was illustrated with lan
tern views. .
Following the talk, a short business
meeting was held.
