# CERCLE FRANCAIS TO PRESENT ANDER FERRIER IN COMEDY
## 
### 
Cercle Francais will undertake a
rather ambitious enterprise next Wed
nesday evening, May 10, when in ad
dition to its usual French farce, pre
sented by members of the club, it will
offer a one-act play by M. Andre Fer
rier and his company of the Gaiety
Francaise in San Francisco. M. Fer
rier is the most accomplished' French
actor in the West, and the Cercle
Francais hopes that his appearance,
with his accomplished wife, will at
tract people, not only from the cam
pus and Palo Alto, but from the whole
community.
The Cercle Francais each spring
presents a French program for the
benefit of the French war orphans
whom it has adopted. The Gaiety
Francaise is the French "Little Thea
ter" of San Francisco. Mr. Ferrier
and his wife have appeared in France,
at the Opera-Comique, Theatre Sarah
Bernhadts, the Odeon, and other noted
play houses.
This year being the three hundredth
anniversary of Moliere's birth, M. Fer
rier and his company are representing
the one-act play in verse, ."Monsieur
Purgon," which deals with the sup
posed incident at the close of Moli
ere's life.
Preceding this play, the Cercle Fran
cias will perform Labiche's clever and
witty comedy, "La Main Leste." This
is a typical French comedy, the plot
of which revolves around the difficul
ties caused by the inclinations of a
woman to slap everybody who happens
to offend her sense of propriety.
Special music is to be provided, and
tickets are now on sale at Crandall's
in Palo Alto.
