# Library Receives Gift of Sixty-Five Spanish Books
## 
### 
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
Sixty-five books, most of which are
written in Spanish, were recently
given to the Library by J. C. Cebrian,
of San Francisco. Among .this col
lection are six volumes of Danvilla's
"El Poder Civil, en Espana," which
was published in Madrid in 1885. There
are also three volumes of Francisco
Pimental's "Lenguas Indigenas de
Mexico," a publication of 1874. An
excellent description of Spain during
the sixteenth century is contained in
the Elzevir Latin edition of "His
pania."
Mr. Cebrian, who is very much in
terested in the Spanish peoples and
their culture, has made a gift of
eighty volumes to the Library each
year. He has just returned from an
extensive trip through Spain.
