# Lens and Plate Society Plan Kodak Hike Sunday
## 
### 
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
Lens and Plate Society will stage an
other kodak hike next Sunday afternoon
for nil who arc interested in photog
raphy. The hike will start from the old
Union at 2:30 o'clock and kodaks will
be provided for the men who have none.
Several members of Lens and Plate So
ciety who have had wide experience in
photography will be present Sunday
afternoon to aid amateurs with their
pictures.
