# Adv. 48 Page 9
## 
### 
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ecj2
111 Homer Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
