# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
—The University of California
Glee Club gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening at Napa.
Trips to the nearby towns are reg
ular events of the semester's pro
gram.
