# Lower Division Autumn Pre-Reg Closes Tomorrow
## 
### 
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
Noon tomorrow marks the end
of pre-registration for autumn
quarter.
All study list cards must be
turned in at the check-out desk,
Registrar's Office, by noon.
Freshmen and lower division
students continue signing class
lists today and tomorrow morn
ing. Today is the last day for
students to see their advisers.
Men may sign up for coeduca
tional physical education classes
at the Women's Gymnasium, and
women must sign class lists for
autumn quarter P.E. classes
there.
Harvey Hall, Registrar, re
minded students that they may
purchase stamped envelopes ;ii
the Registrar's Office if I hoy
wish to have their grades mailed
to them.
