# M'Murraugh Wins Poli Union Post
## 
### 
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
Kilhurn MacMurraugh won the
1957-58 Political Union presiden
cy on Wednesday nigh I when ho
defeated Royall K. Brown by a
three • vote margin. MacMur
raugh succeeds Vic Kyriakis.
By a unanimous vote, Pat
Pinkham was elected vice-presi
dent. Dave Canfield was reelect
ed Independent Caucus chairman
and Craig Harrison was named
Independent representative to
the executive board in a special
meeting Monday afternoon.
MacMurraugh, a senior from
Riverside, 111., has been a mem
ber of the Political Union since
its founding in 1953. As well as
helping write the organization's
constitution, he has served as In
dependent Caucus chairman and
student participation chairman.
