# Clever to Captain Crew Next Season
## 
### 
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
Jamie Clever, '">B, was recently
elected captain of the Stanford
crew for next season. Other of
ficers are Roald Engebreth. co

captain; Paul Dougan, secretary;
and Hans von Br lessen, treasur
er. The crew will hold interclass
races at Redwood City tomorrow.
