# Molotov May Visit San Francisco
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
WASHINGTON — State Depart
ment Press Officer Henry Suydam
said V. M. Molotov may attend the
United Nations anniversary celebra
tion in San Francisco next month
and participate in Big Four plan
ning talks.
Yesterday, Secretary of State John
Foster Dulles sounded out Molotov
on the possibility of reaching a
cease-fire with Red China in the
Formosa area during his recent Eu
ropean trip.
