# TODAY
## 
### 
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
Card is #1!
College World Series scction
chronicles Stanford's big victory
in Omaha to cap the baseball
team's second straight national
championship. See pull-out
Music galore
New record releases for the sum
mer keep listeners feeling cool.
Entertainment czar Evan Tuc
hinsky picks the best bargains in
the vinyl business. Page 12
Goodbye grads
Catch all the pomp and circum
stance of graduation 1988. An ex
citing photo spread captures the
frisbee-tossing, champagne
popping, banner-waving, sax
blowing exuberance of Com
mencement. 8
