# Copy Serial Numbers, Warns Chief Davis
## 
### 
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
Students should make a copy of
the serial numbers of their bi
cycles and typewriters, Campns
Police Chief Gordon Davis warned
today. "It is only by these num
bers that such articles can he
traced when stolen." he said.
