# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.

GERRY MORO, a consistent 15 foot vaulter, misses at 15 6" in the recent Stanford-Oregon track and
field meet. This Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Stanford will test the perennially powerful Trojans of South
ern California at the Los Anaeles Coliseum.
