# AAIA To Meet
## 
### 
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
A technical meeting on selected
topics in aerospace technology
will be presented at Stanford on
Saturday, April 11, by the San
Francisco Section of the Amer
ican Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics.
The program of the meeting to
be held in Room 320, Geology
Corner, will feature four lectur
ers, each followed by a discussion.
Dr. Elliot G. Reid of Stanford
will lead one such discussion,
while Dr. H. S. Seifert, also of
Stanford, will deliver one of the
lectures, on electrically powered
rockets.
The meeting is open to all AAIA
members, including student mem
bers, and members of the tech
nical community. No registration
fee is required, but reservations
are required. Those interested
may Call DA 1-2300, extension
1 299*1.
