# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
BARBIZON
TAILORED LINGERIE
Slips, Pajamas, Night
gowns, of petal - soft
rayon, satin, or crepe.
Fine tailoring, fine
fabrics, lovely colors.
Slips $1.65 and up
Cowns $3.00 and up
Pajamas $4.00 and up
Walsterjc;
