# Radio Shop To Open Series
## Bud Cady to Direct KQW Show Tuesday 
### 
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
The first in a series of six radio j
shows to be presented by the Radio
Workshop will be heard on station
KQW Tuesday at 10 p.m. and will
originate in the new Memorial The
ater radio studio.
"This is the first time in many
years that the University has at
tempted to put on a regular series
of radio shows," said Bud Cady,
former Stanford student and now
director of the Workshop group.
"Now we can present our own plays
in our own studio that we have all
helped to build."
The first play, which will be heard
next Tuesday night, is a comedy,
"Meet Mr. Smith," a Ram's Head
prize-winner of two years ago, writ
ten by Bud Cady. The play has been
adapted for radio by Carl Croft. |
Bob Rockwell, Jeanne Smith, John i
High, Bob Libott. Allan Armar, Don
Shannon and Georgia Haviland will
take part in this Tuesday's presen
tation.
The following week a fantasy, "The
Talking Dog," by Ida June Erlanger,
will be given. The third play of the
series will be an American drama,
"Patterned in Shadow," written by
Bob Libott.
