# Debate Winner
## 
### 

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.

.H.VI I'ROMK, ace Card debater,
vv: s named winner in the annual
iVh daille Jofl're debate against
California Friday night.
