# CHINESE ARMY FACES ISOLATION IN BURMA
## 
### 
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
CHUNGKING, April 26 (UP). —
Japanese forces have advanced 35
miles up the central Burma railroad
to a point 93 miles south of Manda
lay, and a Chinese army which re
captured Taunggyi to the northeast
and annihilated most of the enemy
garrison, is threatened with isola
tion, a communique revealed to
night.
Official reports indicated that the
British and Chinese forces now
have established an almost straight
defense line 120 miles long running
from Yenangyaung in the west
through Thazi on the central rail
road to Taunggyi in the east.
