# Stanford Players To Stage Comedy
## 
### 
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
"Tin. 1 Wind and the Rain," Morton
Hodge's comedy of university life
which the Stanford Players are pro
ducing in the Little Theater, will
play to Memorial Hall audiences
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday nights of this week and
Monday ol the following week.
Representing the first step by the
drama department in their an
nounced intention of giving more
experience to student directors, the
play is und'-r the direction of Nor
man Philbriek, a graduate student.
This is the first time in the his
tory of the department that a stu
dent has been permitted to direct a
show for public performance and
represents a sort of coining of age,
according to Mr. Strickland, direc
tor of dramatics.
The cast, headed by Marcia
Shaughnessy and Dwighl. Ewing, is
now ready for the final dress re
hearsal and last minute polishing,
Philbriek stated.
