# Diversions
## Doing our part to make the world a better place White Plaza Watch 
### 
Ottered to you by Mandy "Peace on Earth" Knox and Elliot "Good Will Toward Men" Sather

Q* So. Why can't we
. all just get along?


"Some people are
just too ugly to get
along with."
— Rob Swierk
senior, geological and
environmental sciences


"Too many
goddamn
assholes."
— Maria Klemper-
Johnson
junior, computer science


"Because the
world is divided
between different
flavors, like a snow
cone."
— Aaron Lehman
senior, human biology


"Because John
Lennon is dead."
— Greg Francis
sophomore, undeclared
Ottered to you by Mandy "Peace on Earth" Knox and Elliot "Good Will Toward Men" Sather

Q* So. Why can't we
. all just get along?


"Some people are
just too ugly to get
along with."
— Rob Swierk
senior, geological and
environmental sciences


"Too many
goddamn
assholes."
— Maria Klemper-
Johnson
junior, computer science


"Because the
world is divided
between different
flavors, like a snow
cone."
— Aaron Lehman
senior, human biology


"Because John
Lennon is dead."
— Greg Francis
sophomore, undeclared
Ottered to you by Mandy "Peace on Earth" Knox and Elliot "Good Will Toward Men" Sather

Q* So. Why can't we
. all just get along?


"Some people are
just too ugly to get
along with."
— Rob Swierk
senior, geological and
environmental sciences


"Too many
goddamn
assholes."
— Maria Klemper-
Johnson
junior, computer science


"Because the
world is divided
between different
flavors, like a snow
cone."
— Aaron Lehman
senior, human biology


"Because John
Lennon is dead."
— Greg Francis
sophomore, undeclared
Ottered to you by Mandy "Peace on Earth" Knox and Elliot "Good Will Toward Men" Sather

Q* So. Why can't we
. all just get along?


"Some people are
just too ugly to get
along with."
— Rob Swierk
senior, geological and
environmental sciences


"Too many
goddamn
assholes."
— Maria Klemper-
Johnson
junior, computer science


"Because the
world is divided
between different
flavors, like a snow
cone."
— Aaron Lehman
senior, human biology


"Because John
Lennon is dead."
— Greg Francis
sophomore, undeclared
Ottered to you by Mandy "Peace on Earth" Knox and Elliot "Good Will Toward Men" Sather

Q* So. Why can't we
. all just get along?


"Some people are
just too ugly to get
along with."
— Rob Swierk
senior, geological and
environmental sciences


"Too many
goddamn
assholes."
— Maria Klemper-
Johnson
junior, computer science


"Because the
world is divided
between different
flavors, like a snow
cone."
— Aaron Lehman
senior, human biology


"Because John
Lennon is dead."
— Greg Francis
sophomore, undeclared
