# STATE PARK BONDS WOULD PRESERVE GROVE WHERE HOOVER CAMPED
## 
### 

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.

At Bull Creek Flat, California, stands what forestry experts declare to be the "world's finest forest." In this
redwood grove, where Herbert Hoover made his camp on a recent trip, are giant trees more ehtn 200 feet in
height, and from ten to eighteen feet in diameter. To save this grove from destruction b ylumbering, Amendment
Number 4, the State Park Bonds, is appearing on the ballot today.
