# VARSITY YELL LEADER TAKEN FROM HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
Scott Webster, varsity yell leader,
was yesterday removed from the Mills
Memorial Hospital, Han Mateo, to the
home of his aunt, Mrs. J. K. Webster,
in San Mateo. Webster is quickly re
covrlng from a fractured skull which
he received two weeks a«o In an auto
mobile accident at Burllngame and
will return to college probably within
two more weeks. He expects to bo j
able to lead yells at the IJIg Game. I
