# Julian Fraud Manipulators Go to McNeils Island Jail
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5.
tences of seven years to the Federal
Prison at McNeil's Island, Buget
Sound, and lines of $16,000, were
meted out in Federal District Court
here today to S. C. Lewis, former
head of the Julian Petroleum Corpora
tion, and Jack Bennett, also known
as Jacob Herman, who was called the
"bright young man" in the Julian
over-issue fraud.
