# CHAPARRAL CALLS POLITICAL PUZZLE CONTEST MISTAKE
## 
### 
"Chaparral's Political Puzzle
Contest, results of which will
appear in the February issue
next Wednesday, was a horrible
mistake," the editor has an
nounced. "We offered $2.00 for
each and every question on poli
tics which the staff could not
answer, and have been swamped
with devious queries. You may
imagine our financial embarrass
ment.
We have taken desperate
measures to recoup this loss by
nominating three strong candi
dates for the Presidency and
placing a bet of $10,000 against
each one. Following elections
we will be so wealthy that we
can give away copies 'of the
magazine. Next Wednesday, how
ever, a trifling charge will be
made."
