# Exhaust Fumes Endanger Lives of School Children
## 
### 
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
DECATUR, Ind., Feb. I.—(U.P.) —
Fumes from a leaking exhaust heater
in a township school bus poisoned
twenty children on their way to
school today and asphyxiation of sev
eral of them was narrowly averted.
