# VARSITY-1931 GAME POSTPONED BECAUSE OF MUDDY DIAMOND
## 
### 
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
Because of a muddy diamond, the var
sity-freshman baseball game was not
played yesterday but is scheduled for 4
o'clock this afternoon on the varsity dia
mond if the weather is bright.
This will be the first appearance of the
local yearlings in a game. Coach Harry
Wolter is of the opinion that they are a
•championship aggregation and should give
the varsity stiff competition. In then
game with the Kenealy seals last week,
the varsity squad showed poor hitting
power. Coach Wolter put both squads
through a lengthy batting practice Mon
day and Tuesday nights and as a result
better batting is expected tomorrow.
