# REMOVE ACTRESS' BODY
## 
### 
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
LAS VEGAS, Nov., Jan. 19 (UP).
—The last few bodies were lifted
late today from the wreckage of a
TWA airliner in which film star
Carole Lombard was killed, and
tentative plans were made for re
turn of the actress' body to Holly
wood for burial.
