# Air Corps Offers Special Training
## 
### 
Training in meteorology and a
chance to receive a commission as
Second Lieutenant in the Air Corps
Reserve is being offered to a limited
number of young men with suitable
educational and physical qualifica
tions, it was announced yesterday.
The candidate must be 20 years
of age, unmarried, or if married must
certify that his wife is self-support
ing and that there are no dependents.
He must be a citizen of the United
States, of good character, sound
physique, and in excellent health.
He must be in his senior year, a spe
cialist in engineering, and have
completed thorough courses in
mathematics, including differential
and integral calculus, and in phys
ics, including heat and thermody
namics. It is also preferred that the
candidate should have some training
in different equations and vector
analysis.
Training will begin March 1 in
several leading universities hiking
the form of post graduate courses in
meteorology. Those able to meet the
qualifications should apply to the
Regional Control Officer, First
Weather Region, McClellan Field,
California, for further information.
