# FIERCE RUSS ADVANCE AT FOUR ANCHOR POINTS
## By United Press 
### 
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
Major battles raged Monday for
four anchor points of the German
winter defense line in Russia, with
fierce street fighting reported in
Mozhaisk and Orel—the fall of the.sr
cities are imminent—and Red troops
are fighting their way toward Kursk
and Kharkov.
There was a lull in North Africa,
where British Imperial forces were
disposing of thousands of Axis pris
oners captured when Halfaya Pass
fell.
