# BONGIOVANNI BURNED
## 
### 
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
Nino Bongiovanni, outfielder with
Portland on its championship club
in 1935 and later a member of the
Cincinnati roster, was severely
burned yesterday in an accident at
the Permanente magnesium plant
near Los Altos.
