# Fellowship Award Deadline Is Feb. 16
## 
### 
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
Graduate scholarship and fellow
ship applications effective for the
academic year 1942 -43 should be
filed by February 16 in the Regis
trar's Office, Mrs, Raymond Bvler,
scholarship secretary, announced
yesterday.
New applicants must file blanks as
well as the current holders of grad
uate scholarships or fellowships who
wish to be considered for renewals.
"Don't ever talk about your work
when off duty."
