# Sophomore Style Show to Be Held Friday at Lagunita
## 
### 
A style show sponsored by the
sophomore class and featuring
sophomore women as models will
be held Friday afternoon from
3:30 to 5 in Lagunita court.
All women on campus, both stu- i
dents and faculty, are invited to
attend and are urged to bring
their friends from the area.
Commentator will be Sherry
Newman. Others working on the j
show will be: tryouts, Ann Twit
ty; modeling, Joan Balling; tick
ets, Meredith Myers and Margaret
Mix; refreshments, Pat McMillan
and Bobbie Phillips; publicity,
Joan Proctor and Helen Jan/en;
invitations, Mary Jo Sorkness,
and program, Marian Duncan.
Tickets are 25 cents with class I
card and 50 cents without. Re
freshments will be served follow
ing the show.
