# Bookstore Rebate Slips Due Today
## 
### 
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
Need some cash?
The Bookstore will give out
cash along about June 1, but if
you want in on the treasure
grab you'd better act fast. Re
bate slips must be turned in to
the Bookstore by 5 p.m. today.
To apply for the green paper,
you must (1) sign all your re
bate slips, (2) place them in
an envelope provided by the
Bookstore, (3) total up the
slips on the outside of the en
velope and (4) hand the enve
lope in to the Bookstore.
