# Sr. Ferryboat Ride Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
A limited number of tickets is
available for the traditional Sen
ior Ferryboat Hide, according to
Jacqueline Plank, senior excom
member. •
Tickets, which cost $5 a couple,
will be sold today, tomorrow and
Friday from 10 a.m. to noon at
the Cellar.
The three-hour cruise is sched
uled to leave from Pier 45 in San
Francisco at 9 p.m. May 31.
