# Isaacs Honored
## 
### 
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
Carl Isaacs has been selected
to receive the J. Gimhel Award,
presented each year to the sen
ior student who has shown the
best mental a'ititude toward ath
letics, it was announced yes
terday.
Isaacs, a two-time letter win
ner in football and basketball,
thus joins George Selleek, Ron
Tonisie, Bob I) y Garrett and
Chuck Essegian, former recip
ients of the medal.
