# Stanford Netters Play Bruins, COP
## 
### 
A lengthy weekend looms for
Stanford net fans as Coach Bugge's
tennis squad meets a pair of power
ful college teams on the local
courts. U.C.L.A.'s heralded Bruins
knock the lid ofr the conference
season this afternoon, and on Sat
urday College of Pacific repays an
Indian visit made to the Stockton
city. Both tills are scheduled for
1:30.
Despite Stanford's undefeated
early - season record, the Indian
tennis squad finds itself in the
unfamiliar role of underdog
against U.C.I-.A. today. As the
Bruin net aggregation has not
tasted defeat during the last two
years of collegiate plav, an up
set would assuredly bolster In
dian stock.
from the Southland indi
cates that U.C.L.A. Coach Bill Aek
erman has molded a strong squad
around the brilliant doubles com
bination of Noel Brown and Bill
Beale. Both boys have displayed
strength in recent amateur play and
are expected to pace the Bruin at
tack.
Meanwhile Coach Bueue will
counter with a team which has
won four matches without a loss
against a quartet of woefully weak
opponents. The U.C.L.A. event will
no doubt decide if the Indians are
of conference caliber, so a hard
fought afternoon seems to be in
the ofline.
Interest in Saturday's C.O.P.
meet renters in the information
that the Tigers disposed of Cali
fornia earlier this season. Thus
local fans will he able to com
pare the Indians' result with the
Hear debacle.
