# CARDINAL TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
Cardinals will hold its last tryouts
at the regular meeting Tuesday at
7:30 p.m. in the Excom room of the
Old Union. Upper division men are
leeded.
