# Commencement at U.C.
## 
### 
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
Three hundred and thirty-two
undergraduate and twenty-four
graduate students were recom
mended for degrees by the Regents
of the University of California.
The University gold medal for dis
tinguished scholarship was awarded
to Bernard A. Etcheverry of Po
mona.
