# EDITORIAL POLICY
## 
### 
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
LETTERS must be signed,
double-spaced typewritten, and
submitted by 1 p.m. the day be
fore desired publication. Letters
may be shortened at the discre
tion of the editor. Letters longer
than 500 words in length will not
hp jipopntpfl
SIGNED COLUMNS reflect the
writer's views only. The Daily en
courages guest columns, in addi
tion to our regular features •
