# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIII
! TOWN TAXI I
PHONE
25
i 7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars §
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllt
