# Novice Tennis Tournament Scheduled for Thursday
## 
### 
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
Rain, last Friday, caused the post
ponement. of play in the novice tennis
tournament until next Thursday af
ternoon. The men who were entered
in Friday's tournament will jilaj
Thursday, and the semi-finals and
finals will he run off Friday and Sat
urday.
Captain A. 11. Barber, '18. will start
the interclass matches a week from
Thursday. All the classes have been
organizing teams and some strong
aggregations are expected to compete.
