# Hoover Fears for Future of Belgium Relief Work
## 
### 
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
Speaking before the National Geo
graphical Society on Saturday, Her
bert C. Hoover, director of the Amer
ican Commission for Relief in Bel
gium, expressed the fear that the com
mission might not he able to carry its
work to a successful conclusion be
cause of lack of funds. An additional
five million dollars a month was
needed he said, but the apathy of the
people of the United States toward the
work makes it likely that it will end
in failure.
