# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
In saying that Ihe debate was
one of the best ever judged by him,
Professor Newcomer is but voicing
the belief of all who were so fortu
nate as to hear the speakers of
Lodi and Humboldt on Saturday
night. Without question the
speakers were far above the average
of academic debaters, and it may
even be queried whether at least
three of them were not equal in
power to those we listen to every
year in Carnot and Intercollegiate
finals. When such analytic power,
thorough grasp of a difficult sub
ject, and convincing delivery are
evidenced by high school boys, it
would seem that the universities
need feel no anxiety over the per
manency of the present high de
bating standard.
