# Wilbur Announces Faculty Additions
## 
### 
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
Several appointments to the fac
ulty of Stanford University were an
nounced recently by Chancellor Ray
Lyman Wilbur.
Dr. Paul Fejos of New York City
was appointed consulting professor
of anthropology in the School of
Humanities.
Named as assistant professors were
Dr. Harlen M. Adams, formerly of
Chico State College, in Speech and
Drama; and Brainerd Plehn of the
University of Nevada, and George
Selnar, Jr., in Civil Engineering.
The following were appointed as
instructors:
Dr. Frederic Shilder, surgery; Dr.

Arthur Selzer, and Dr. Ben Shenson,
medicine; Miss Gladys M. Stilson,
psychiatric nursing; Owen Ulph and
; Jere King, history; John William
Mackey, English; Kurt Bergel, Ger
manic languages, and Allan Spitzer,
I humanities.
