# Players Plan Attractions For Season
## 
### 
Six plays will be presented by the
Stanford Players during the coming
season, two plays a quarter, accord
ing to F. Cowles Strickland, director
of dramatics.
Tryouts for the plays will be an
nounced ahead of time in the Daily
and all students except first-quarter
freshman women may participate.
Everyone is urged to try out, regard
less of whether he has had any pre
vious dramatic experience or not.
Tickets for the Stanford Players
will be on sale registration day in
front of the Administration Building.
Season tickets for all six plays are
$2.75, and single tickets are S.SS.
The first production will be three
one-act plays, which will be pre
sented in the Little Theater, No
vember 10-14, including "Hello Out
There." by William Saroyan; "A
Village Wooing," by George Bernard
Shaw; and "A Happy Journey," by
Thornton Wilder.
During December, in the main
auditorium, Dan Totheroh's '"Moor
Born," a play about the lives of the
three Bronte sisters, will be given.
The Bronte sisters were the authors
of "Wuthering Heights" and "Jane
Eyre."
The Saroyan play "Hello Out
There," one of the short plays to be
given on November 10-14, was picked
as the best short play of 1942 by
George Nathan.
