# Sunday Dr. Trueblood Welcomes Freshmen
## 
### 
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in
the Stanford Chapel Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood will welcome the fresh
men to the University. Everyone on
campus is invited to attend the
church service. Cally Curtis and Don

Landale, co-chairmen of the pre
reg committee, will read the scrip
tures.
