# CAMPUS AIR MAIL SPEEDED TO EAST BY NEW SCHEDULE
## 
### 
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
A faster connection with air-mail
planes to points East has been estab
lished by the campus postoffice.
Letters and packages mailed before
3:45 p.m. will now leave San Fran
cisco aboard the evening plane of the
same day.
Heretofore, the mailing dead-line on
the campus has been 1:00 p.m., letters
posted later than that time were sub
ject to a 12 to 15-hour delay. The
postoffice department also announces
an improvement in the special de
livery schedule.
