# The 						bull session
## 
### 
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
BLACK SHEEP OF '33

There is a certain type of person
7ou can look at and say right off,
"That's a freshman." To a senior who
begins to take his responsibilities
seriously, such a person is a distinct
-obstruction in the pursuit of perfect
happiness.
He —this freshman —is not repre
sentative of his class, for which the
good Lord be praised. He is usually
the one that causes his sponsors un
told mental effort, his professors un
mentionable grief, his roommates un
surpassed agony. And one can well
imagine what his family thinks of
him.

He is the lad who thinks it great
sport to shoot off firecrackers in the
corridors of a hall when other in
mates are cramming for a mid-quarter
in biochemistry. He enjoys arriving
home from a large evening in San
Francisco at about 3 in the morning,
and serenading the contiguous com
munity with his version of "Son of a
Gambolier."
On his chest reposes a bit of felt
from the days when he lead Milviso
High School to brilliant victories in
ping-pong. He wears a decidedly
soiled rooter's hat in preparation for
his efforts during the coming football
season. On liis watch-fob dangles the
most brilliant "S-33" he can purchase.
He is manna from heaven for local
merchants. On him tliey unload their
baggiest trousers, their squeakiest
shoes, their loudest socks, their flash
iest neckties, their gaudiest jewelry—
all the stuff that the wholesaler
shipped out by mistake.

His fresmaniacal delight in good,
clean pranks leads him, not to swiping
signs, painting hydrants, burning bou
fires, throwing water, misdirecting
tourists, or other good wholesome
mischief, but in tweaking the ears of
Stanford's already wavering tradi
tions.
Possibly one feels a twinge of con
science in remarking 011 the habits
of this young acquisition. He'll change
eventually—or take out a leave. But
when it comes to local customs, that
is entirely different.

The campus is his oyster. He parks '
liis car by the library steps. He J
smokes wherever he can borrow a !
cigarette to go with his match. He ,
comes into class forty minutes late, j
He rushes senior women (he even j
knows this is serious). When spoken j
to on Quad, he either looks daggers j
or feels insulted. He uses the law
steps as a boulevard, and gets away
with it by wearing cords.

Wearing cords. If there is one thing
that causes painful reflexes in a sen
ior's heart, it is seeing a freshman
wearing cords. Dirty moleskins,
greasy flannels, and large-checkered
knickers are bad, but they're legal.
Cords, especially if they're nice and
clean and crinkly, are entirely be
yond the pale.
Perhaps someone told this gullible
youth, and his ilk, that corduroys
were simply the thing to wear. Well,
this column and its indignant editor
hereby serve notice —they aren't. And
there is such a thing as carrying af
fairs too far.
—Milton Silverman.
