# West Point Team to Train Here for Stanford Game
## 
### 
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
West Point's football team, which
plays Stanford December 28, will train
on the campus, according to announce
ment by Alfred R. Masters, graduate
manager. Coach Biff Jones and Major
Philip B. Fleming of the Academy re
cently inspected four possible train
ing sites in the bay region. The team
will arrive about a week before the
game.
