# 'Two-Ocean Navy' Needed, Says Dewey
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25 "(UP).— !
Adequate national defense requires
a two-ocean navy capable of de
fending the United States under any
circumstances, District Attorney l
Thomas E. Dewey said today in
concluding a three-state New Eng- j
land campaign for the Republican ;
presidential nomination.
The blood-sucking vampire bats j
have such small gullets that they :
cannot swallow solid food.
