# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## JERRY MAYER, Sports Editor Ken and Co. Set to Sink Troy's Hopes 
### 
(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

(Co-captain Kenny Davidson is the
star of the first of a series of bas
ketball cartoons by Ed McLellan to
appear during the 15M0 cage sea
son.)

