# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
The engagement of Miss Virginia
Loveland, '37, and George Mcßride,
of Oakland, was recently announced.
The couple will be married in Aug
ust and will live in Everett, Wash
ington,
