# Radio Dramatists Plan Double Bill
## 
### 
The Radio Drama Group will con
chide its year's activities on Mon
day, June 1, when when two stu
dent-written plays — Kay Arthur's
"An Afternoon Call" and Johnson
Hill's "Early American" — will be
given from 8 to 8:30 in the evening
on San Jose station KQW.
Pauline Steven, Phyllis Boothe,
and Paul Crary are cast members in
"An Afternoon Call," which is a
light comedy dealing with the usual
triangle situation.
"Early American," which tells the
story of a patriot who decided to
trace his revolutionaxy ancestors,
was once presented before an Okla
homa meeting of the Sons of the
American Revolution. Mary Craig,
Julius Hooven, and Dan Holton are
in the cast for the KQW production.
