# Lagunita Informal Set for Tonight
## 
### 
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
The Lagunita spring informal will
be held tonight from 0 to 1 p.m. in
the Lagunita Court. The theme of
the dance is Japanese and lanterns
and fans as decoration will carry
this out.
Patrons and patronesses are: Mr.
and Mrs. Raymond Kendall, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Lehan, Miss Frances Terrill,
Miss Madge Burt, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, and Miss Christine Ricker.
Charles Horton's orchestra will sup
ply the music.
