# Stanfondite To Wed In Memorial Chapel
## 
### 
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
Miss Irene Kilgore, prominent NBC
vocalist and winner of the Atwater-
Kent audition in 1!)28, will be mar
ried to William H. Shallenberger,
'34, in the Memorial Church tomor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood will lead the serv
ice, and Warren D. Allen will pro
vide music.
Teak is considered the best wood
for shipbuilding.
