# Men's Council Officers
## 
### 
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
New officers for Men's Council j
are Bill Geyer, chairman, and Irv
Hall, secretary.
