# New Libe Hours During Vacation
## 
### 
The University Library will
maintain different hours during
Christmas vacation.
On Friday, Dec. 14, the last day
of finals, the Library will close
at 5:30 p.m. Saturday il will be
open from 8 a.m. to noon, and it
will be closed Sunday.
Monday through Frirlay, Dec.
17-21, the hours will be from X
a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The Library
will be closed from Saturday,
Dec. 22, through Christmas Day.
Wednesday to Friday, Dec. 26-
28, the hours are 8 a.m. to 4:30
p.m. From Saturday through
New Year's Day the Library will
be closed. On Jan. 2 and 3 the
Library will stay open from 8
a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The regular
schedule will be resumed Friday,
the first flay of classes.
