# Pre-Registration Continues Today
## 
### 
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
tf
Pre ■ registration for winter
quarter continues today for
freshmen and lower division stu
dents.
The Registrar's Office, Room
111-A, is (lie scene of signing
class lists, and there students
must turn in study list cards by
Dec. S, according to R C. Wag
ner. associate registrar.
Women may sign class lists for
women's physical education
classes at the Women's Gymna
sium. Sign-ups for lower division
French conversation classes are
in Room 30H.
