# Knowland Wants Mobile UN Force
## 
### 
NKW YORK. Nov. 2!) (UP)
Sen. William F. Knowland today
called for establishment of a Unit
ed Nations force that could he
sent within 21 hours to aid a satel
lite uprising against Communist
tyranny.
A member of the United Stales
delegation to the UN, Knowland
also repeated his demand that the
Soviet Union be expelled from the
UN. He spoke before Ihn Assem
bly of Captive European Nations.
"Nations can flic in less time
than delegates can talk." he said,
declaring that the UN had not
taken effective action "to imple
ment its resolutions" on Hungary
and predicting that UN survival
may rest upon the events of "the
next few weeks."
