# Foreigners' Study Groups Increase.
## 
### 
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
The English study-groups for for
eigners, conducted hy the Y. M. C. A.
in Redwood City have increased so
rapidly since their inauguration that
the present classes contain more than
thirty Greeks and Italians. The Eng
lish study assists in the Americaniza
tion of foreigners hy acquainting
them, through the use of specially pre
pared textbooks, with the history,
geography, and social customs of
America.
