# Poloists Face Cal
## 
### 
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
Coming off a fine performance
in last weekend's Northern
California Tournament, the
Stanford water polo team opens
its Pac-8 season tomorrow against
California in Berkeley.
After a poor season last year,
the Indians have gotten off to a
good start by winning 5 out of 7
games in a pair of tough
tournaments. So far sophomore
Rick Massimino has done an
outstanding job in leading the
Stanford offense while Pete Gadd
has done a great job as goalie.
In a meeting earlier this year in
the UC Irvine tournament the
Indians dumped the Bears 9-8 in
sudden death. But since that time
Cal has shown great improvement
behind the spirited play of two
freshmen, Mike Asch and Peter
Schnugg. With both teams
determined on ending southern
domination of the league race,
tomorrow's game shapes up as an
important battle for both teams.
