# Y.M.C.A. Will Give English Courses
## 
### 
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
The local Y. M. C. A. will continue
its Oriental educational work with
two new classes this semester. The
one course now being given is in
elementary English for the benefit
of the Japanese waiters employed
about the University, and it has ap
parently met with success. In addi
tion to this, a class for Chinese cooks
employed locally and one for Japan
ese students at the University will
be started shortly. The Chinese class
will take up elementary work in
reading, writing and spelling, while
the Japanese students will be given
advanced Instruction in Bible* and
general religious studies.
Both classes will be in charge of
student members of the Y. M. C. A.
and instruction will probably start
next week.
