# 1917 VAUDEVILLE TRYOUTS PLANNED FOR TOMORROW
## 
### 
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
Further tryonts for the Freshman
Vaudeville Show will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Gamma Phi
Beta house between 3 and 5:30. The
women are especially urged to tryout
by the committee*
