# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.

ONLY 19, Patricia Fenton of
Louisville, Kentucky, is pre
sented to the eager readers of
the Daily's regular Wednesday
morning community service.
She'll be bucking for a $5,090
college scholarship in the Miss
America contest in eSpteinher.
A room in Branner has been
prepared.
