# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
The United States has added 399
vessels to its merchant marine in the
last six months.
