# Debate Postphoned Until Wednesday
## 
### 
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
Owing to the Sophomore cotillion
rehearsal scheduled for Monday ev
ening, the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate has been postponed until Wed
nesday evening. Those who will judge
the debate are Professor R. M. Al
den. Professor C. A. Huston and Pro
fessor A. A. Young. The time allowed
to each speaker has been extended
from ten to twelve minutes, except
the third speaker on the negative,
who will be allowed fourteen minutes.
Five minutes for rebuttal will be giv
en the affirmative.
