# Debaters To Meet Santa Clara Here
## 
### 
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
Sophomore debaters of Stanford
and Santa Clara will meet here to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in
Room 202 when Bob Wood and Bob
Richardson debate the second year
men of the Broncos.
The two men will take the affirma
tive of "Resolved, that labor dis
putes should be settled by enforced
arbitration."
A week from Thursday, on No
vember 18, Stanford will meet the
University of San Francisco before
the Association of Retail Credit Men
of San Francisco at the Women's
City Club. 465 Post Street, at 6:30
o'clock. The yet undetermined team
will take the affirmative of the Pi
Kappa Delta question. "Resolved,
that the National Labor Relations
Board should be empowered to en
force arbitration of all industrial
disputes."
