# Y.W. Cabinet Plans Discussion Group
## 
### 
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
At the Y.W.C.A. cabinet meeting
yesterday it was decided to have a
new discussion group which will be
interested in the New Relationships
of Men and Women in Society. The
discussion will be headed by Jean
Bolton.
Tomorrow Irvin Jorgensen and
John Cobbs will speak to "Y" mem
bers about "Peace in College" at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
