# Russian Students May Loan
## 
### 
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
Students of Russian origin, who
have attended college for at least
one year, may apply for a loan from
the Russian Student Fund, Inc., be
fore April 1.
Students interested in this loan
should write to the Fund at 215
West 23rd Street, New York 11,
N.Y. All applications are consid
ered on the basis of comparative
standing of students with reference
to their studies, and additional ma
terial.
