# Freshman Assessment Set at Fifty Cents
## 
### 
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
In order to meet expenses incurred by
the purchase of sweaters and other mis
cellaneous bills for the past year a spe
cial assessment of 50 cents each for the
spring quarter has been levied on the
freshman class. Collections will start
immediately.
