# Wranglers Hear Talk On Mexican Situation
## 
### 
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" was the
subject of a talk given bv Imo Baugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wrangler's
Society held last evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse. A business meeting fol
lowed the talk.
