# SOPHOMORES WILL ASSEMBLE SUNDAY
## 
### 
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
President J. T. Sibley of the Sopho
more Class requests that all sophomores
assemble in front of the Zoology Build
ing at 10 o'clock Sunday morning pre
paratory to marching in a body to the
Memorial Church. Members of the sec
ond-year class have been assigned a defi
nite part in the Memorial Sunday serv
ices, and Sibley desires that no sopho
more report at the Zoology Building
later than 10 a. m.in order to forestall
any delay in marching to the Church.
