# FRESHMEN TO SWIM AT CONCORDIA CLUB IN SAN FRANCISCO
## 
### 
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
The babes journey to San Francisco
this afternoon to meet the Concordia
Club aggregation in its salt-water tank
tonight. The freshmen have a good
assortment of shining lights upon their
team and should beat the club outfit
without much difficulty. The city team
is made up largely of high shcool men,
but together they are reputed to form a
worry some bunch. Coach Brandsten is
sending up ten of the yearlings to put
up competition for the Concordia Club.
The names follow: Austin, Copeland,
Oversack, Strauss. Dorland, Lange,
Webster, Xix, Noack and Nelson. The
tight events of the meet will be 50
yards, 100 yards, 220 yards, 50 yards
back stroke, 10() yards breast stroke,
relay, diving, and plunge for distance.
Austin, Webster, Ovcrncker, Dorland,
and Strauss will probably compose the
relay team.
