# Solomon Elected
## 
### 
Herbert Solomon, executive
head of the Department of Sta
tistics at Stanford, has been
named president-elect of the In
stitute of Mathematical Statistics.
The Institute conducts interna
tional, national, and regional
meetings for professional mathe
maticians and statisticians, and
holds summer institutes for
teachers. The international asso
ciation. which met recently in
Ottawa, has 2,000 members in the
United States and Canada a n d
some 300 in other countries.
Solomon will assume the IMS
presidency in 1964-65. He is also
director of Stanford's Laboratory
for Quantitative Research in Edu
cation. Solomon joined the Stan
ford faculty in 1959 as professor
of statistics and education after
a year as a visiting professor of
statistics fr om Colombia Teachers
College.
