# HAZEN CONFERENCE OPENS NEXT WEEK
## 
### 
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
Several members of the Stanford fac
ulty will take part in the Hazen Con
ference of Counseling in Higher Edu
cation which will open at Asilomar
next week. This conference is "sup
ported by the Hazen Foundation of
Connecticut.
C. Gilbert Wrenn, assistant registrar
and director of vocational guidance at
Stanford will be on the executive com
mittee and chairman of one of the sec
tions. Professor E. R. Hilgard will be
chairman of the executive committee.
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. Reginald Bell, and
Dr. Charles E. Shepard will take part
in the program.
The conference will be attended by
other selected delegates from the va
rious colleges and universities of the
west coast region.
