# 'Probe' Seeks Student Tutors
## 
### 
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
The "Probe" Community Cen
ter in Redwood City, a War-on-
Poverty Agency founded in Octo
ber, 1966, needs volunteers for its
newly-established tutoring pro
gram. Tutors will work on a one
to-one basis with an elementary,
junior high, or high school stu
dent for one hour per week,
teaching mathematics, remedial
reading, writing, or English for
the foreign-born.
The program is planned to
cover the seven "poverty"
schools in Redwood City: Hawes,
Fair Oaks, Washington, Hoover,
Garfield, Monroe, Edison, and
Sequoia. The Stanford YWCA is
working on the project, but more
tutors are needed. Any student
interested in tutoring is urged
to call Mrs. Carolyn Bennett at
369-8249.
The "Probe" Center acts main
ly as a bridge between the needy
and existing community ser
vices. It also sponsors its own
programs in vocational guidance
and training, job placement,
health service, emergency aid
for families, summer arts-and
crafts classes, and youth recrea
tion.
