# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
To do anything well requires a
certain amount of thought and
time, and this especially applies to
the writing of good football songs.
In another column it is announced
that the prize song competition
will remain open until October
12th. All those who have any
ability whatever in writing songs
or yells ought to get busy at once.
If they begin now there will be sev
eral productions of merit. If they
wait until a few days before the
competition period expires, the
committee will have to choose from
a few hastily prepared manuscripts
or reject all that are submitted.
The rooting and singing are two
of the leading features of the foot
ball game. That these features
may be at their best good songs are
necessary. It is no small honor to
be the writer of a prize football
song or even to have one published
in the song-book. This honor, com
bined with the pecuniary compen
sation offered, should be a strong
incentive for all writers to begin
on their work at once in the hope
of turning out a number of first
class songs.
