# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
—At the State bar examinations
which were conducted a few days
ago, F. A. Leib, '02, and C. deY.
Elkus, '02, were admitted to prac
tise.
