# Engagements and Weddings
## 
### 
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
Pre&lon-McHugh
A garden wedding in October at the
home of the bride's parents in Los
Altos will unite Miss Peggy Preston
and Robert Anthony McHugh. The
bride - elect is a graduate of the
University of California and did ad
vanced work at Stanford several years
ago. Her fiance graduated from Stan
ford in 1929 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
Isserlis-Joslyn
The engagement of Miss Fern Isserlis
to Herbert T. Joslyn of Stanford was
recently announced. Miss Isserlis is a
graduate of San Mateo Junior College.
Mr. Joslyn is a member of Theta Xi.
Broonie-Doolan
Another Stanford engagement is that
of Miss Elvira Broome of Montecito
and Jerome Doolan, Stanford '20.
Baker-Poulson
Miss Marguerite Disbrow Baker of
Pasadena was married recently to
Wardle Ellis Poulson, Stanford '28.
Mrs. Ellis is a graduate of Scripps
College. Mr. Poulson is a member of
Beta Theta Pi.
