# Heras Discusses Changes in Spain
## 
### 
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
"The old religious quality of Spanish
life is directly opposed to the modern
era of action," said Professor Antonio
Heras in his lecture, "Aspcclos y Con
trastes de la Vida Espanola," given
last Thursday evening in the Little
Theater.
Pointing out that some of the inhab
itants of Spain are still thinking in
terms of ancient tradition, he showed
how this was opposed to the modern
thought of the progressive clement.
Discussing the people of Spain, he
stressed the fact that the provincial
inhabitants are inclined to be more
idealistic than thoughtful. The people
of the provinces, he continued, differ
greatly. The dress, customs, dialects,
and psychology of the different prov
inces differ to a very marked degree.
Showing slides of Spanish architec
ture and landscapes, Professor Heras
concluded his lecture with a brief re
sume of contemporary art and litcra
ture.
