# Surprise Dinner Is Given For Dr. Barbour in Union
## 
### 
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
A surprise dinner was given to Dr.
George B. Barbour by the students of
his Geology I class last Friday night.
The dinner was held at the Stanford
Union. At its conclusion Dr. Barbour
was presented with a gold watch charm
in the form of a geologist's hammer.
Dr. Barbour came to Stanford as a
visiting professor from the University
of London. He has made many friends
among his students during this quarter.
Both the dinner and the gift paid trib
ute to his unusually personal way of
teaching.
After the dinner the group adjourned
to Dr. Barbour's apartment at Kings
cote, where they spent a pleasant eve
ning in conversation and reminiscence.
