# Search Campus for Lost Grip.
## 
### 
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
A yellow grip stolen from a north
bound train at Palo Alta yesterday
morning was the object of a careful
search of the campus today. The bag
belonged to A. M. Unburn of San
Francisco and was evidently taken by
mistake as lie was passing Palo Alto
on the 10:50 train.
If found please return the grip to
Mr. Little, tlie station agent at the
Palo Alto station.
