# Seniors Rent Band-Stand.
## 
### 
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
The band-stand which was con
structed for the student body earlv
in the semester has been rented to
the Senior class for use during the
Senior Prom. The charge was fixed
by the Executive Committee last
night at $15.
