# Woman's Glee Club Sings Over Radio
## 
### 
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
Music was substituted on the
Stanford Radio Hour for the usual
speech last nighl when the Women's
Glee Club appeared in concert over
(he Red Network of (he National
Broadcasitng System from station
KGO.
Thirty women participated in the
program which, under the direction
of Music Instructor Raymond Ken
dall, ushered in the spring season of
the club's song recitals. Appearance
before various organizations and
schools comprises the activities of
the Women's Glee Club.
Sung over the air last evening be
sides concert pieces were "Stanford
Loyalty Hymn," composed by Uni
versity Organist Warren D. Allen,
and Bob Mallet's Gaieties number,
"Stanford in the Spring."
