# MASQUERS ELECTS
## 
### 
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
Masquers, women's honorary Dra
matic Society, wishes to announce
the election of Virginia Rogers and
Gene Glassman.
