# S.C. Tickets Go On Sale Today
## 
### 
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
Student rooters' tickets for
the Stanford-Southern Cali
fornia basketball games in the
Stanford Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, February 26 and 27
go on sale at the Board of
Athletic Control office this
morning at 8:30. They will re
main on sale until 5 o'clock to
morrow unless the supply is
exhausted before that time.
Rooters' tickets are 40 cents.
In addition. 500 general ad
mission tickets at $1.10 each
will go on sale at the same
time and place. Students will
be limited to two general ad
mission tickets each. Student
rooters' tickets are not trans
ferable.
