# BENEFIT LUNCHEON
## 
### 
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
For the benefit of their scholar
ship fund, the Stanford Women's
Club of San Francisco gave a bridge
luncheon yesterday at the Western
Women's Club.
