# THE 						REVIEWER
## 
### 
"CAROLINA" (Fox)
At the Stanford Theatre
"Carolina," considerably abbrevia
ted and served with two lumps of
sugar, is an otherwise authentic re
production of the novel, "The House
of Connelly." It's a sentimental tale,
dealing with the lost giory of an old
Southern family. "Living in the past,
disdainful of the present, and afraid
of the future," their decadent march
is ruled by a tyrannical mother.
Love's hallowed fire awakens the
dilettante heir of the house to the
realization that the Connelly of the
Revolution and the Connelly of the
Civil War had not lived in vain; so
he plants tobacco, starts a .cigarette
factory (close-up shot of "Old Ches
terfields" in the making), and re
stores the family fame and "faw
chun."
Janet Gaynor represents "love's
hallowed fire" and about one and
one-half of the two lumps of sugar
mentioned in the first sentence. Lio
nel Barrymore is co-starred as the
aged, confederate general. Mr. Bar
rymore is splendid as the aged gen
eral and as—Mr. Barrymore as the
aged—oh. well! let'.-; call in Gracie
Allen to finish it.
Of unusual interest, however, is
the setting of the old plantation
house and the very real picture of
plantation life. These were so ac
curate and authentic that the senti

mentalizecl story almost becomes
convincing in front of its carefully
worked out background. In "Caro
lina," then, we find both the "ro
mance of the old South'' (done up
with plenty of saccharine for shop
girl consumption) and a very real
picture of the life of the post-Civil
War South. —Brill
