# HILTON TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
Mothers of Stanford students will
hear Ronald Hilton, professor of
Romanic languages, speak on "Latin
America's Place in World Affairs"
at their meeting Friday in Los An
geles.
