# Guided Tour Preferred to Lone Travel
## 
### 
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
Among student programs ottering
travel in Europe this summer, the
California Student Travel Associa
tion sponsoring low-cost student
tours, has attracted many students
from eastern and western campuses
seeking well-guided, inclusive itin
eraries.
The traveler today is faced with
the problem of traveling by himself
or joining a guided tour. At first
glance, the advantages of individual
travel seem attractive because ol
restriction on "free time" to browse
around and devote more time to
individual interests which the tours
appears to limit.
The intimate knowledge of a for
eign country is a leading factor in
planning and judging one's time.
The guided tour can give this. It
can be spent in sight-seeing, un
raveling the riddle of foreign train
schedules, money exchanges, sched
uled hours lor museums, art gal
leries. etc., and means of transpor
tation often difficult for the inexpe
rienced traveler to tackle alone.
The program sponsored by the
California Student Travel Associa
tion makes available to the student
a 60-day, seven-country tour sailing
on the Cunard Line Aquitania on
July 2 and again on July 23, re
turning from Southampton Sept. 13.
Here is the opportunity for the in
dividual to have full reign to wan
der from Montmartre to the Sacre
Coeur, from the Folies Bergere to
the Louvre and the other fascinating
places and people to numerous to
mention that Paris offers the tourist
and student, before sailing back to
England and home.
For those interested in more in
formation, they may contact Arthur
Holmlund, Stanford representative,
at Alpha Delta Phi, DAvenport 3-
8771.
