# Press Publishes Ways of Wasps
## 
### 
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
Stanford University Press has
completed publication of "The Ways
of a Mud Dauber," a book by Dr.
George D. Shafer, retired physiology
professor who spent five years mak
ing friends with wasps at the Stan
ford bee house.
Dr. Shafer discovered th;it mud
daubers have distinct personalities,
that they can remember and learn,
;md that they are doggedly persist
ent in pursuing the trial and error
method. The book is dedicated to
Crumple - Wing, a crippled wasp
who lived under a bell jar and
greatly aided Dr. Shafer by provid
ing material for observation.
