# SUDS EDGE SOLONS
## 
### 
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
SEATTLE, April 12 </P) — Bill
msey dropped an eighth-inning
iblo into right field and never
;>ped running, scoring the tally
gave Seattle's Rainiers a 3-2
ific Coast League victory over
ramento today. before an opening
crowd estimated at 14,800.
