# Juniors to Pick Winners Of Cover Contest Friday
## 
### 
Stanford artists! You still have
time to win Farm fame and a for
tune in prizes in the Big Weekend
Cover Contest.
The contest ends Friday noon, at
which time the winning cover will
be selected. Winners will be award
ed prizes including a bathing suit
from Smith's, a Roos Bios, sweater,
two chicken dinners at Dinah's, a
box of Wilson's candy, and free
tickets for the Big Weekend events,
May (: and 7.
The junior class is sponsoring this
conte.st to design a cover for the
eight-page program which will give
information about the Show-Dance,
Water Carnival, and Junior Prom.
All students, except members of
Junior Excom, are eligible to en
ter. Designs should be simple,
adaptable to black and white, and
have some tie-in with the Weekend
events. Judges will be Edward M.
Farmer and Daniel M. Mendelo
witz, professors of art.
Designs may be submitted on
plain white paper or on the entry
blanks at the Cellar and Library.
Entries should be turned in to Mar
gie Botts, Daily office or Hurlburt
House, or placed in the boxes by
ihe entry blanks.
