# Sports
## A 						stroke of bad luck 
### 

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.

Stanford golfer Mike Peck was one of the more fortunate of the
players in the NCAA golf championships. As a team, the Cards
didn't even make it among the top 15. Peck, individually, was the
high man for Stanford.
