# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
1
✓
GREETING, FOLKS!
Don't forget the 10% rebate
on everything you buy here
(this includes rented type
writers).
The Bookstore
CO-OPERATIVE
