# DAILY PALO ALTO STAFF TRYOUTS WILL START WEDNESDAY
## Several Vacant Posts Afford Opportunities for New Workers 
### 
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
Regular quarterly tryouts for the
editorial staff of the Daily Palo Alto
will start nevit Wednesday afternoon
with a meeting of candidates in the
Press building. Due to the failure of
many members of the spring quarter
staff to return to college and to the
promotion of others to positions as
news editors there is an unusually
large number of openings for compe
tent reporters.
Tryouts will be conducted on much
the same basis as during the spring
quarter, and will extend over a ten
week period. Candidates will be given
regular beats and will write news
stories for publication in the Daily.
They will also receive credit for writ
ing heads and in other ways assisting
in the publication of the paper. Rat
ings will be made weekly on a point
system.
Freshmen and sophomores are espe
cially urged to try out, but considera
tion will also be given to juniors who
show promise. Previous newspaper ex
perience is not necessary. Final selec
tions for the staff will be made on the
basis of excellence of the copy turned
in, quantity of work done, attendance
at weekly tryoutees' meetings, willing
ness to work, and general usefuluess
around the Daily office. All copy must
be typewritten.
