# Inside
## Out Of Our Past 
### 

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.

UC-Berkeley cheerleaders display the Axe in Stanford Stadium during an
early-1950s Big Came. The Golden Bear owned the Axe from 1946 until
1955, when the Indians finally scalped Berkeley 19-0. With 50 seconds
left on the clock in the 1955 contest, Stanford fans rushed the field and

downed the goal post at the south end of the stadium, proving that
sometimes there are only 59 minutes and 10 seconds in a football game.
Shortly after the game, the Northern California Sports Writers' Associa
tion awarded the lineman of the year award to Indian tackle Paul Wiggin.
