# Correction
## 
### 
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
The Daily incorrectly reported
yesterday that 45 percent of those
responding to the annual senior sur
vey rated the overall quality of a

Stanford education as good or ex
cellent. The figure should have been
95 percent.The Daily regrets the er
ror.
