# Quad Pictures
## 
### 
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
Residents of Lagunita, Croth
ers and. Crothers Memorial will
be photographed for the 1957
Quad today at the Quad office,
according to Gary Willcuts, edi
tor. Tomorrow residents of La
gunita, Crothers, Crothers Memo
rial and the off-campus women
are_ scheduled for pictures.
