# Planes Leave Cyprus Bound For Suez Zone
## Israeli Radio Reports Port of Haifa Bombed, Egyptian Ship Sunk 
### 
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 31
(UP)—Britain and France began
an invasion of the Suez Canal
zone at dawn today.
Troop-laden British and French
transport planes began taking off
from Cyprus toward Egypt, ap
parently to back up the Anglo-
French ultimatum to occupy key
points of the canal /.one.
Meanwhile, Jerusalem radio an
nounced that an Egyptian ship
had bombarded the port of Haifa.
It was the first indication that
the Israeli-Egyptian fighting had
extended beyond the confines of
the Sinai Desert.
The radio reported also that an
Egyptian destroyer was sinking
off the Israeli coast. It did not
say whether the sipking ship,
identified as the 1490-ton Ibrahim
Awal, was the one that bombarded
Haifa, a major seaport about 20
miles south of the Lebanon bor
der.
First British and French re
ports indicated that the planes
were carrying paratroopers, ap
parently to be dropped into spots
along the vital 101 -mile waterway.
The planes took off as a mas
sive British and French naval
Armada, the largest in the Medi
terranean since World War 11,
steamed eastward toward Egypt.
Egypt Says No
The flights began shortly after
Egypt rejected the ultimatum to
stop warring with Israeli invad
ing forces or face Anglo-French
occupation of the canal zone.
Israel accepted the ultimatum,
based on Egypt's accepting it.
Britain and France issued the
ultimatum to Israel and Egypt
yesterday. They said they would
occupy the Suez Canal Zone un
less Israeli and Egyptian forces
stopped fighting by 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday EST.
Egypt rejected the ultimatum
flatly, warning that it would fight
if Britain and France at tempter!
to seize the canal. Israel gave
qualified acceptance, saying it
would withdraw its forces on the
"assumption" that Egypt also ac
cepted the ultimatum.
Midnight Conference
The final decision to send ♦ lie
military might of Britain and
France to the Canal Zone was
1 taken in a conference between
British and French leaders that
broke up «t 15 minutes after mid
night.
By then, the two countries, act
ing independently of the United
States .had received both the Is
raeli and Egyptian replies.
Informed sources said Britain
regarded the Egyptian reply an
nouneed by Egyptian President
Gamal Abdul Nasser as "not sat
isfactory."
Israel's reply, announced by .!<•
rusalem Radio, said Israel was
willing to cease hostilities and
withdraw its forces 10 miles from
the canal on the "assumption"
that Egypt also accepts.
