# RETURN IN GOLF QUERY IS SMALL
## 
### 
"The results of the golf questionnaire
have been very disappointing," said Al
fred Masters, graduate manager, yester
day. "The aim of the questionnaire was
to indicate student interest in the pro
posed golf course. If enough student
and faculty interest is manifested less
memberships will have to be sold to out
siders and the course can be constructed
sooner."
Only fifty replies have been received
from Stanford students. Masters be
lieves many students misunderstood the
purpose of the preference blanks. No
obligation was incurred in filling out a
blank.
In order to stimulate interest in the
course, and definitely to determine how
many students will be interested enough
in a campus golf course to use it, a per
sonal canvass of each living and eating
group is being planned, said Masters.
Twenty-one outside applications, each
with an initial deposit of $50, have been
received toward the total which will be
necessary before the Board of Athletic
Control will begin construction. This
goal is now set at 200 applications, but
if more interest is shown on the part of
faculty and students this number may be
materially lessened.
