# PLANS FLY 73,000 MILES
## 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
MIAMI, Fla., April 10. (/P) —Air mail !
and passenger planes collecting Miami
with Havana, Nassau, and other cities
in the five West Indian countries on j
their route darried 772 passengers and
15 tons of mail the first 30 days of 1
operation. The Pan-American airways' J
tri-motored planes flew 73,000 miles i
in the 30-day period. This exceeded ;
expectations of backers of the project.
