# Untitled Article
## 
### 

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto

NAVY'S NEWEST—The U.S. Navy's newest Banshee, twin-jet. carrier-based fighter returns to
Lambert-St. Louis Municipal Airport after a routine test flight over the Missouri River. The F2H-3
is larger than the previous F2H-2 Banshee. It is equipped with the most modern type radar, per
mitting accomplishment of combat mission under all weather conditions. This is the first in-flight
photograph of the new jet. —NEA Telephoto
