# Roble Barbecue
## 
### 
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
A steak barbecue will highlight
Roble Hall's closed party on Sun
day.
Before the barbecue, Roble girls
and their guests may participate in
outdoor games, such as volleyball.
Afterward, there will be dancing
and cards in Roble.
General chairman of the party is

j Carol Clayter. Committee chairmen
I include:
Food. Ann Massey and Nancy
White; indoor entertainment, Alice
I Jones; outdoor entertainment, Jan
ice Ide and Saralee Canfield; clean
! up, Noel Shoemaker; publicity,
Tommie Craig.
