# SC ALL-OPPONENT
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
LOS ANGELES. May 25
California's Jack Jensen and Santa
Clara's Lou Berberet were unani
mous choices on an all - opponent
baseball team selected today by the
Trojans of Southern California,
champions of the California Inter
collegiate Baseball Association.
Dave Dahle. Stanford, and Hal
Toso, Santa Clara, pitchers; Bob
O'De'l. California, first base; Don
Dodson. California, second; Jim
Aree, Stanford, third; Harvey Toso.
Santa Clara, shortstop; Bill Renna,
Santa Clara; Bud Cole. Stanford,
and Jensen, outfielders; and Ber
beret, catcher.
