# Casa Ventura
## 
### 
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
Jo Ann Schaaf. president of Casa
Ventura, has announced the results
of house elections for next year.
New president will be Doris Sto
ner; vice-president, Judy Rudolph;
secretary - treasurer, Mary McFar
lane; social chairman, Margery
Wheat.
