# KZSU
## 
### 
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
At 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast a discussion with
Columbae fasters. The
Thursday Magazine will
follow the discussion and
present news, music, and
reviews.
