# Radioscience Lab To Sponsor Tour
## 
### 
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor an organ
ized tour of the Stanford Univer
sity-Stanford Research Institute
field stations on campus starting
at 1:15 p.m. today.
Areas used for satellite track
ing, for study of very low fre
quency radio wave propagation
in the exosphere, and for radar
contact with the moon and sun
will be visited.
Among facilities on display will
be a 300-kilowatt radio transmit
ter, Heliopolis the site of a mi
crowave spectroheliograph, a 60-
foot steerable parabolic antenna,
and a similar 150-foot one now un
der construction.
Interested persons should as
semble outside the northwest cor
ner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories by 1:15 p.m. today.
