# Russian Film Critic Speaks
## 
### 
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
Alexander Karaganov, as
sociate editor of Russia's
leading film criticism maga
zine, will talk on film making
and film criticism in his
country today at 4:15 p.m. in
the Little Theater in Me
morial Hall.
The State D e part inent
granted Karaganov special
permission to speak at Stan
ford. since he normally would
not be allowed south of San
Francisco, where he is cur
rently judging the San Fran
cisco International Film Fes
tival.
His magazine is entitled
Iskusstvo Kino. The talk,
sponsored by the film and
television section of the De
partment of Speech, is open
to anyone.
