# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
The Senior Happy Hour will be
held from 3-6 p.m. today at Ru
dolfo's, and everyone over 21 is
welcome. Entertainment will be
provided by the ever-popular Mae
Beesh.
