# McClintock to Edit Sequoia Next Year
## 
### 
Miller McClintock, '18, will be editor
of Sequoia for the coming year, to
succeed R. A. Donaldson, '17. He was
named for the position at the last
meeting of English Club for the year.
Gordon Davis, '18, was elected presi
dent of the club. The other officers
are: Vice-president, Gladys Green, '18;
treasurer, Miller McClintock, '18; sec
retary, Harriet McCausland, '17; mem
ber at large on the executive commit
tee, Noel Stearn, '18.
The following were elected to mem
bership in the club: S. E. Briggs, '18,
Beatrice Brasefield, '18, Daniel Evans,
'20, Katherine Gilbert, '19, Violette
Woodward, '18, Margaret Richter, '17,
TJsette Fast, '19, Justus Rice, '20,
Chester Barker, '18, Walter Bruns, '19,
Neil Petree, '19, Landis Weaver, '19,
W. E. Bobbins, '18.
