# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
—The April number of McClure's
contains a Ptoryentitled "TheFaith
ful Brady," by L. M. Bowman, '01.
