# No Assemblies This Semester.
## 
### 
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
There will probably be no more
university assemblies this semes
ter. The faculty committee is not
attempting to engage any speakers,
and unless some very distinguished
speaker becomes available, there
will he no further university gath
erings.
