# Will Meet at Stanford.
## 
### 
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
. The California branch of the
Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
which represents in its membership
twenty colleges admitting women,
will hold its next meeting at Stan
ford Saturday, Marcli 14th. It is
possible that there may be present
as many as one hundred visiting
Alumnae.
At an 'ill form til meeting of Stan
ford alumnae and Faculty women
recently, a visit to Memorial
Church, a conceit, a lunch, an in
formal reception and a short pro
gram were planned.
