# "Chaparral" Out Thursday.
## 
### 
The issue of the Chaparral which
will be on sale Thursday will be
especially interesting to old Stan
ford men, who know the literary
lights of old days. The feature of
the issue is a series of poems pur
porting to have been submitted to
the Intercollegian and Quad con
tests by old Stanford writers. The
editorials harp on "Chappie's"
old familiar adversary: political
methods. This week the thrust is
at Roble in its relation to wire
pulling. Borough contributes a
full-page drawing that is far above
the ordinary standard of drawings.
Other clever art features are con
tributed by Miss Clara Lathrop,
'06, Lee Hawley,'o3, O. K. Smith,
'06, and R. E. Renaud, '03.
