# THURSDAY
## 
### 
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
Death called accident — The
shooting of an Israeli teenager by
an Israeli guard three weeks ago
was called an accident in the of
ficial army report. Page 3
Streaking across the grass —
As Stanford's Troy Paulsen ex
tended his hitting streak to 27
games, Fresno State upped its win
streak to 29 games with a 6 5
defeat of the Cardinal Page 7
