# Mays, Koufax To Get Award
## 
### 
HOUSTON, Tex. (AP) â€” Los
Angeles Dodger pitcher Sandy
Koufax and San Francisco out
fielder Willie Mays will be hon
ored Tuesday at the annual din
ner of the Houston chapter of
the Baseball Writers of Ameri
ca.
Koufax will receive the Dickie
Kerr award as the major
league's top pitcher. Mays will
receive the Tris Speaker award
for his contribution to baseball
during his career.
Other baseball figures to be
honored include Manager Walt
Alston of the Dodgers, Manager
Harry Walker of the Pittsburgh
Pirates, National League Um
pire Augie Donatelli, Houston
centerfielder Jim Wynn and Ray
Johnson, a young player in the
Houston minor league system.
