# A 						Monk?
## 
### 

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.

That's Thclonius Monk and his quartet, pounding out a tune at Sun
day's jazz concert. Besides Monk and his group, John Coltrane and
his quintet-plus-three filled Memorial Auditorium with entertaining
(?) sounds. The next jazz concert will feature the Modern Jazz
Quartet and Dizzy Gillespie.
