# Daily Staff
## 
### 
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
The Daily St<aff will meet
this afternoon at 4 p. in. in
the Daily oifices for Quad
pictures. Two secretaries are
still needed to work three
hours a week.
