# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
*0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
ANOTHER AFTER
EASTER SPECIAL at
R/A! Where else,
indeed, can you find
authentic Ivy styling
in suits like these, at
these prices? Every
detail is considered
V
■
■
■
—welt seams, hook
vents, narrow lapels,
not to mention fine
fabrics and natural,
easy-fitting construc
tion. All this, at a
mere 49.90. You’d be
smart to Super/
Charge one or two
this week, while the
selection is good.
*
roos/atkins
