# Students Plan HUAC Protest
## 
### 
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
Bay Area .slucionls will oppose
lho actions of the House Commit
tee on Un-American Activities in
a demonstration on the steps of
the San Francisco City Hall on
Wednesday at noon.
The demonstration will be a
part of a national protest from
students who oppose the activi
ties and powers of HUAC. A sub
committee of HUAC has sub
poenaed about 40 persons to ap
pear at the hearings in Los An
geles from April 24-27. The Com
mittee has not ventured out of
Washington since the appearance
in San Francisco in May, 1960.
Individuals and groups who op
pose HUAC accuse the Commit
tee of using its power to ruin
programs of social reform and to
(iump false blame on individuals
holding dissenting and unpopu
lar beliefs; in other words: un
constitutional and undemocratic.
The demonstration in San Fran
cisco on Wednesday is supposed
to support local opposition to
HUAC in Los Angeles and
strengthen the power of the na
tional movement against the Com
mittee.

Stanford students are invited
to join other Bay Area students
on the steps of the City Hall.
Hides to San Francisco will
leave History corner at 11 a.m.
