# Off-Campus Conferences Announced
## 
### 
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
The lIR announced today that
there are several off-campus con
ferences which could prove valu
able to interested students.
Among the programs is an
eight - week study program spon
sored by the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California. Start
ing Thursday, Feb. 13, weekly
meetings will be held in San
Francisco.
The topic will be the United
States Foreign Economic Policy,
in anticipation of current Con
gressional discussions about for
eign economic aid and the exten
sion of the Reciprocal Trade
Agreement Acts.
The agenda will include a pres
entation of an aspect of the prob
lem by either a guest speaker or
one of Ihe members of a group of
San Francisco businessmen who
will moderate the series. After
the presentation, a discussion will
bo held.
The purpose of this program is
to provide background informa
tion on policy questions, and ex
amine alternatives that will be
under discussion in this session
of Congress.
Anyone requiring more infor
mation about these or other pro
grams may see Peggy Telfer at
the lIR Shack today or tomorrow
between 5 and 6 p.m., when inter
views will be held.
