# Houck Notes Good Health
## 
### 
Student health is booming at
Stanford, according to Dr. George
Houck of the Health Service.
"Student health on campus at
present is the best 1 have ever
seen for February," he said yes
terday.
Noting the unusually low num
ber of respiratory infections for
this time of year, Dr. Houck re
marked that the second round of
Asian influenza may not come
until next fall.
"A combination of many people
having had the first attack of
Asian flu and the vaccine may
postpone the second Asian flu at
tack predicted for January. How
ever. it is too early to tell."
The Health Service is also spon
soring a Salk vaccine campaign.
Dr. Houck said a series of three
injections is being given, the sec
ond one month after the first, and
the third seven months after the
second.
"The state of California has
compiled statistics which show
that the Salk vaccine has cut par
alytic polio by 80 per cent," Dr.
Houck said. "With this kind of
protection available here at Stan
fold, we want to make sure every
one is prepared for the coming
summer months."
Polio vaccine will be available
tomorrow from 1 to 4 p.m.
