# Med School Test Applications Due
## 
### 
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
Applications for Iho Medical
College admission tost must bo
filed in the Educational Testing
Service office by April 10, the
Medical School Admissions Office
has announced.
The test will be given May 3.
Applications are available at the
Medical School Admissions Office,
room 112-D.
All students applying for en
trance to the School of Medicine
next autumn will be required to
take the test.
