# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
California's determination to win
tlio Intercollegiate regatta next
spring and the systematic manner in
which they are training in an en
deavor to achieve that end is a warn
ing that, although we have "Dan"
Murphy again, we must put forth
our best efforts to duplicate last
year's sweeping victory. Stanford's
coach has worked under a serious
handicap in the last two years, and
with phenomenal success, but success
under such conditions cannot contin
ue indefinitely. The state of the Stu
dent Body finances hardly warrants
any lavish expenditure to carry on
the training of the crews next semes
ter, but we trust that the Executive
Committee will see its way clear to
loosen the purse-strings a little when
the question of the boating appropria
tion comes up for discussion. Poor
equipment is about as serious a drag
on the efforts of both men and coach
as can be conceived and the new
sport is one which is worthy of as
strong support as the Committee can
afford to give it. We have a veteran
coach and crew and feel certain that
with the proper financial backing the
coast championship may be brought
home next spring. The request for
another shell is not a presumptions
one and we hope to see it granted.
