# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
The University store at Princeton
declared a 10 per cent dividend last
week.
