# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow occurs the lirst inter
collegiate baseball game of this sea
son between the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford. With a team
record of two victories and one de
feat our team goes to the city to
contest with our old rivals. Ber
keley has never succeeded in win
ning the championship, and the
hope is cherished that victory will
this year again crown the Stanford
team.
Tomorrow occurs the lirst inter
collegiate baseball game of this sea
son between the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford. With a team
record of two victories and one de
feat our team goes to the city to
contest with our old rivals. Ber
keley has never succeeded in win
ning the championship, and the
hope is cherished that victory will
this year again crown the Stanford
team.
Tomorrow occurs the lirst inter
collegiate baseball game of this sea
son between the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford. With a team
record of two victories and one de
feat our team goes to the city to
contest with our old rivals. Ber
keley has never succeeded in win
ning the championship, and the
hope is cherished that victory will
this year again crown the Stanford
team.
Tomorrow occurs the lirst inter
collegiate baseball game of this sea
son between the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford. With a team
record of two victories and one de
feat our team goes to the city to
contest with our old rivals. Ber
keley has never succeeded in win
ning the championship, and the
hope is cherished that victory will
this year again crown the Stanford
team.
Tomorrow occurs the lirst inter
collegiate baseball game of this sea
son between the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford. With a team
record of two victories and one de
feat our team goes to the city to
contest with our old rivals. Ber
keley has never succeeded in win
ning the championship, and the
hope is cherished that victory will
this year again crown the Stanford
team.
