# Cap and Gown Taps 12 Women
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, last night tapped the follow
ing women for membership in the
group: Peggy Fitts, director of Gaie
ties, member of Ram's Head, vice
president of Lagunita; Bernadette
Giannini, Daily editor; Carol Hur
witz, vice-president of Women's
Conference, vice-president of Roble
as a sponsor, head of War Board;
Louise Kaiser, president and vice
president of Lagunita, sponsor; Bar
bara Lamb, president of Branner and
Union Residence.
The following were also tapped:
Marylou McClure, vice-president of
A.S.S.U., Roble sponsor, president of
the sophomore class; Patty Patten,
Roble sponsor, head of War Board,
member of Women's Council; Betsy
Rabbitt, treasurer of Women's Con
ference, Excom member - at - large;
B. J. Rucker, president of W.A.A.,
president of Theresa Russell House;
Corky Wollman, president of Ram's
Head, head of Spring Show, member
of Orchesis; Charmian Kolar, Cardi
nals, president of Roble; and Mrs.
Faye Hamilton Jones, secretary of
the Political Science Department, is
an honorary member..
