# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
Army Ordnance is manufacturing
millions of firecrackers because the
ordinary commercial type is not re
garded as sufficiently safe for train
ing purposes.
