# Cole to Speak Today At Biology Seminar
## 
### 
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
Dr. Fay-Cooper Cole, noted an
thropologist, will present an ad
dress at the Biology Department
Seminar this afternoon at 4:00. He
will speak on "Some Problems of
Racial Types and Human Migra
tions" in room 430, Jordan Hall.
All students, faculty and visitors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which will be preceded by a tea.
