# Dunham To Bring Dancers, April 19
## 
### 
Kathcrine Dunham with her new
"Tropical Revue" of African-born
rhythms, Melanesian dances, low
down rhumbas and New Orleans jive
is coming to the Bay area on April
1!) for a four-day engagement at
the San Francisco Opera House.
Tickets are now on sale at Sher
man Clay box ofTices in San Fran
cisco and Oakland. Best scats may
be secured by addressing mail orders
to California Concerts, 165 Kearny
street, San Francisco.
Hitfh spots of the "Tropical Revue"
is "L'Ag'ya," a new featured act
named for the fighting bout of
French Martinique, which Miss Dun
ham witnessed during her two-years
study in the West Indies. Her new
program also includes boogie woog
ie, island folk legends, and comedy
dances from the West Indies.
