# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.

By United Press
This Marine cautiously approaches
a well entrenched Jap dugout in
search of snipers. The leather
neck has previously blasted the
dugout, which is on the Kyukyu
Islands, with hand grenades. His
final hunt is to make sure no sur
vivors remain to snipe at advanc
ine leathernecks.
