# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF SNAKES
Experiment to help people
overcome their fear of
snakes conducted by Errol
Schubot under the super
vision of Dr. Ernest Hil
gard, Psych. Dept., Stan
ford U.; call 321-2300
X-4441 or 967-7198.
Watches—Jewelry
Diamonds
Complete Services
on
Your Watch & Jewelry
Needs
Alfrey's Jewelers
Downtown Palo Alto
205 University DA 5-9724
