# Graceful Kick
## 
### 

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.

MIKE GRACE, Stanford rugby star who scored 26 points, kicks-to
touoh in Saturday's gaime against Santa Clara. The Indians defeated
the Broncos, 41-0.
