# Notice.
## 
### 
The next lecture in the Popular
Science Course will be given Thurs
day evening, Feb. '27, in the chem
istry lecture room, by Mr. Leverett
M. Loomis, curator of ornithology,
California Academy of Sciences;
subject, "Alexander Wilson, the
poet-naturalist." This lecture is
substituted for that previously an
nounced to be given by Professor
Kellogg.
The next lecture in the Popular
Science Course will be given Thurs
day evening, Feb. '27, in the chem
istry lecture room, by Mr. Leverett
M. Loomis, curator of ornithology,
California Academy of Sciences;
subject, "Alexander Wilson, the
poet-naturalist." This lecture is
substituted for that previously an
nounced to be given by Professor
Kellogg.
The next lecture in the Popular
Science Course will be given Thurs
day evening, Feb. '27, in the chem
istry lecture room, by Mr. Leverett
M. Loomis, curator of ornithology,
California Academy of Sciences;
subject, "Alexander Wilson, the
poet-naturalist." This lecture is
substituted for that previously an
nounced to be given by Professor
Kellogg.
The next lecture in the Popular
Science Course will be given Thurs
day evening, Feb. '27, in the chem
istry lecture room, by Mr. Leverett
M. Loomis, curator of ornithology,
California Academy of Sciences;
subject, "Alexander Wilson, the
poet-naturalist." This lecture is
substituted for that previously an
nounced to be given by Professor
Kellogg.
The next lecture in the Popular
Science Course will be given Thurs
day evening, Feb. '27, in the chem
istry lecture room, by Mr. Leverett
M. Loomis, curator of ornithology,
California Academy of Sciences;
subject, "Alexander Wilson, the
poet-naturalist." This lecture is
substituted for that previously an
nounced to be given by Professor
Kellogg.
