# Untitled Article
## 
### 
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
M.M. Mitchell, '10, captain of 1909
varsity rugby team, is on the campus
for a few days.
E. C. Templeton has gone to Los
Angeles where he will engage in Geo
logical work under H. R. Johnson, 'OS.
