# Adv. 4 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes letters
to the editor. Send typed,
double-spaced letters to The
Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building, Stan
ford, CA 94305.
