# HANNA MUENKE
## 
### 
PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

PSYCHOLOGY

I am running for the GSC because I
value the GSC's role in supporting
graduate students, and I want to be a
part of that support. This support is
present both through social events
where students are able to take a
break and meet others, and also
through GSC efforts related to such
things as housing, transportation and
healthcare. Because the GSC puts
such effort into those areas, it re
duces the individual burden for stu
dents, which frees individuals to

focus i>n other interests. I look for
ward to working to make your expe
rience as a graduate student a posi
tive one.

