# MUSICAL CLUBS' ITINERARY.
## Concerts Will be Given in Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia. 
### 
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
The musical clubs will start on
their northern trip Friday, Decem
ber 19th, and will be gone about
three weeks. Their trip will take
them through Oregon, Washington,
and into British Columbia. F. W.
Morrison, advance agent for the
clubs, has arranged the itinerary.
In this work he has been helped
considerably by Stanford men along
the line.
A greater effort than ever before
will be made to cooperate with the
Stanford men and women in the
localities in which concerts aie
given. An unusually successful
tour is anticipated. The places and
dates of the clubs' appearance are
as follows:
Sacramento, December 19; Chico,
December 20; Redding, December
22; Ashland, December 23; Albany,
December 24; Salem, December 25;
Portland, December 26; Oregon
City, December 27; The Dalles,
December. 29; Vancouver, Wash.,
December 30; Olympia, December
31; Tacoma, January 1; Port Town
send, January 2; Victoria, B. C ,
January 3; Vancouver, B. C., Jan
uary 5; Whatcom, January 6;
Everett, January 7; Seattle, Janu
ary 8. The clubs will sail from
Seattle for home on the S.S. Uma
tilla, January 9th.
