# Morse Stephen's Address.
## 
### 
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
The subject of Morse Stephen's
address at the University Assembly
December 10th will be "General as
Contrasted with Professional Edu
cation." Through an error the
date of the next Assembly was an
nounced in the bulletin in Mon
day's issue of the Daily Palo Alto
as Wednesday, December 3d. The
coming meeting will be the last one
of the semester. Professor J. M.
Stillman will speak from the fac
ulty.
