# Woman's Club Poster Exhibit.
## 
### 
The Woman's Club of Palo Alto
has completed arrangements for a
poster exhibit, to be held in Mul
len's Hall, Palo Alto, on Friday
evening. All loans of individual
posters, or of collections, will be
carefully handled, and returned to
the owners. The business men are
taking much interest in the exhibit.
Prizes have been offered by them
for the three best original posters
setting forth the merits of the re
spective trades represented in Palo
Alto. A number of Stanford artists
will compete. The original posters
not winning a prize will probably
be sold at auction during the eve
ning. An interesting program will
be given. The proceeds are to be
used largely for town improve
ments.
