# War Experiences Is Assembly Topic
## 
### 
Mrs. St. Clair Stobart, under the au
spices of the Serbian Relief Commit
tee of America, will speak before a
University assembly to be held Wed
nesday, 011 her personal experiences
in relief work in Serbia during the
present war.
At the outbreak of the war Mrs.
Stobart left her home in England and
devoted herself to relief work in Ser
bia. For the past few months she has
been lecturing throughout this coun
try under the sanction of the British
government on conditions in Serbia.
Her purpose is to make clear to the
American people the importance of
Serbia and the results to the world of
German possession there. The rais
ing of funds is secondary.
Owing to the difficulty in securing
Mrs. Stobart the assembly has been
placed 011 Wednesday at 11 o'clock
instead of on Thursday as usual.
