# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Amid the athletic flurry occa
sioned by the daily practise of our
men on the track and diamond we
should not lose sight of the fact
that there are others among us who
are working just as hard as these
in preparation for an approaching
contest. We can not tell what our
debaters are doing, but we can rest
assured that they are working like
beavers to win the Intercollegiate
Debate. Let us do our part as
well.
Amid the athletic flurry occa
sioned by the daily practise of our
men on the track and diamond we
should not lose sight of the fact
that there are others among us who
are working just as hard as these
in preparation for an approaching
contest. We can not tell what our
debaters are doing, but we can rest
assured that they are working like
beavers to win the Intercollegiate
Debate. Let us do our part as
well.
Amid the athletic flurry occa
sioned by the daily practise of our
men on the track and diamond we
should not lose sight of the fact
that there are others among us who
are working just as hard as these
in preparation for an approaching
contest. We can not tell what our
debaters are doing, but we can rest
assured that they are working like
beavers to win the Intercollegiate
Debate. Let us do our part as
well.
Amid the athletic flurry occa
sioned by the daily practise of our
men on the track and diamond we
should not lose sight of the fact
that there are others among us who
are working just as hard as these
in preparation for an approaching
contest. We can not tell what our
debaters are doing, but we can rest
assured that they are working like
beavers to win the Intercollegiate
Debate. Let us do our part as
well.
Amid the athletic flurry occa
sioned by the daily practise of our
men on the track and diamond we
should not lose sight of the fact
that there are others among us who
are working just as hard as these
in preparation for an approaching
contest. We can not tell what our
debaters are doing, but we can rest
assured that they are working like
beavers to win the Intercollegiate
Debate. Let us do our part as
well.
