# RUSSIA A DEMOCRACY
## 
### 
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
CINCINNAIT. April 2 (AP).—Al
exander A. Troyanovsky, Soviet
ambassador to the United States, to
day described the Russian govern
ment as a ''full democracy," and
asserted that Russians do not con
sider Joseph Stalin as a dictator.
Said he: "There is no compromise
with capitalism in Russia."
