# Reynolds New Prexy Of No. Calif. Health Assn.
## 
### 
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
Professor Leon B. Reynolds, rep
resenting the Palo Alto Board of
Public Works, was installed as presi
dent of the Northern California Pub
lic Health Association in Stockton
March 17.
