# Xmas Theme For Row Tea
## 
### 
In carrying out a holiday theme,
Hurlburt will be decorated with a
large wreath on the front door, a
Christmas tree in the living room,
and greens and berries throughout
the house for the informal tea the
Row will give today.
The tea will be held from 3:30 to
5:30 p.m. and the presidents of the
nine Row houses will receive and
introduce people. Guests will be
Dean and Mrs. John M. Stalnaker,
Dr. and Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder,
Dean Mary Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Alvin
C. Eurich, and Dr. and Mrs. Frank
Walker.
House mothers of the Row houses
will alternate in pouring tea and
coffee. The tea table will be deco
rated with white chrysanthemums
and red candles.
