# Horror Play Tryouts To Be Held at S.M.J.C.
## 
### 
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
Tryouts for the horror play "The
Lady Who Came to Stay" will be
held Tuesday and Wednesday eve
nings, Dec. 4 and 5, in the San Ma
teo Junior College Auditorium.
