# U.S.C. FAILS IN WAR FUND
## 
### 
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
U.S.C. fell -about $1500 short on
their war fund quota of $5000 in
their drive which ended a few days
ago. Stanford's war fund drive, ear
ly (his month, failed by approxi
mately the same figure to reach its
$GOOO quota.
