# Quillen to Address Education Students
## 
### 
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
All 11 a.m. classes in the
School of Education will be
dismissed tomorrow to enable
education students to hear
Prof. I. J. Quillen speak on
“Priorities in American Edu
cation.”
Quillen is dean of Stan
ford’s School of Education,_
The special convocation will
be held in Cubberley Audi
torium in the Ed School build
ing.
