# Frosh Class Dance Tues.
## 
### 
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
"Sin on the Seine" will be
the theme of a dance to be
sponsored by the Class of '64
Tuesday night at the Alpine
Hills Club on Alpine Road be
tween Rosotti's and Mama's.
Music will be provided by
Walt Tollerson's band. Addi
tional entertainment will con
sist of the "We Three Trio"
and a presentation of the tra
ditional Parisienne apachee
dance.
The recommended dress for
the dance is anything resem
bling French beatnik attire.
In keeping with the Left-Bank
theme, an artist will be pres
ent to sketch portraits.
Tickets for the dance are on
sale this week on Quad, and
will also be available at the
door at $1.50 per couple with
freshman class cards, and
$2.50 for other students.
