# Cabaret Features Foreign Customs
## 
### 
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
Foreign cuisine and entertain
ment will be weatured at the In
ternational Cabaret sponsored by
the International Club tonight.
The dinner will begin at 6 p.m. in
the Menlo Park Presbyterian
Church, 950 Santa Cruz Ave.
Tickets, priced at $2.2.3 each,
may be obtained at the door to
night, or students may purchase
them today on Quad, at the I-
Center, or at the Peninsula Box
Office.
