# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
REM EMBER—Tar kiih to•
bacco is the ■world't moat
famous tobacco
cigarettes
L
L ■ ■
_ •
J • /I
£, 1
J
