# Campus 'Crack-ups' Zero Minus – Davis
## 
### 
The 1932 summer quarter set a
new record for campus automobile
calamities—none having been re
ported since February 21, accord
ing to Gordon Davis, campus
traffic officer.
These are the first two quarters
in Davis' two and one-half years
here that there has not been at
least two wrecks per quarter.
"Generally a good quarter will
have two or three crack-ups," he
said, "but this summer I haven"
even heard of a fender getting
dented."
Outsiders are responsible for at
least half of the accidents on the
campus, and while among the
students, bad weather, poor lights
on cars, and speeding have been
the chief causes, liquor making a
negligible score.
"The co-operation of the stu
dents has made this clean slate
possible," Davis concluded.
