# Fallen Leaf Lake Lures Many Faculty Members
## 
### 
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
Fallen Leaf lake, in the high Sierras,
has attracted many of the Stanford
faculty, among those in the Depart
ment of Economics being Eliot Jones,
who left August 22 and plans to re
turn in September; J. B. Canning, who
has spent the whole quarter at Fallen
Leaf; and A. C. Whittaker, who has
spent some time there.
Theodore H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, is spending his vacation in
Vancouver. •>
