# Prep Students Hear Talk By Professor E. Cottrell
## 
### 
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
"Personality in Politics" was the
subject of a lecture delivered last
night by Professor Edwin Angell Cott
rell of the Political Science depart
ment, before the High School Political
Science Club of Palo Alto.
