# MALONEY RECOVERED FROM GRIPPE ATTACK
## 
### 
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
Harry Maloney, assistant director of
athletics, has been ill with a slight
attack of grippe, which he contracted
during the last week.
Because of his illness, he was unable
to appear at the gym for a few days
and could not box between the halves
of Saturday's basketball game, as had
been previously announced. Maloney's
condition has improved, and he has re
turned to directing his classes.
