# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
r
ASH WEDNESDAY
the first day of Lent
7:10 a.m.
HOI.Y COMMUNION
9:30 p.m.
CANDLELIGHT SERVICE
THURSDAY
7:35 a.m.
MORNING PRAYERS
5:15 p.m.
HOLY COMMUNION
Stanford Memorial Church
