# School Site Considered
## 
### 
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
Following the request of the Union
High School committee, the Hoard of
Trustees of the University have named
President Ray Yyman Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Stow
as a committee to confer with the high
school authorities in regard to the
proposed lease of ten or twenty acres
of campus land as a site for the new
Union High School proposed by resi
dents of the Palo Alto, Stanford, May
field and Ravenswood districts.
