# Correction
## 
### 
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
Pacific Telephone Company
representative Rob Crouse told
the Daily yesterday that although
some Stanford students would
receive their phone bill refunds
within ten days, others who had
different phone prefixes would
not receive checks until up to 40
days from now.
