# Aid Needed for Mem Church
## 
### 
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
The chokr needs more partici
pants. Any student or staff
meml»er interested in singing
should attend the special re
hearsal at 5 p.m. today in the
Choir Room of the Memorial
Church.
Two units of credit may be
earned for participation. The
choir is under the direction of
Herbert B. Nanney, University
Organist.
Those interested in serving
on Sunday morning or in the
Wednesday evening Candlelight
Service are invited to meet with
the Church Committee in the
vestry oil Wednesday at 8:30
p.m.
