# NYQUIST INJURED IN PALO ALTO ACCIDENT
## 
### 
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
I. A. Nyquist, University gardener, is
back at his work today after an acci
dent Monday which caused him painful
but not serious injuries. Nyquist was
returning from the Peninsula Hospital,
where he had taken 9-year-old Vlado
Vuyacitch, who had been struck by an
automobile in front of the Stanford
Bookstore a few minutes before. The
gardener had stayed in the operating
room while several stitches were taken
in the scalp. Evidently affected by
the ether fumes, he attempted to drive
up to the curb on Bryant street in Palo
Alto when he realized that he was losing
control of his car. In doing so, he
struck the electric sedan owned by Mrs.
J. W. Mitchell, which was parked in the
street. Minor injuries were caused by
impact against the steering wheel, but
after being attended by Dr. 11. B. Rey
nolds, Nyquist was able to return to his
home on the campus.
