# Women Students Attend Conference Reception
## 
### 
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
Practically the whole "500" attended
the Conference party held Inst night in
the Women's Club House. This is the
quarterly reception of the older women
to the Freshmen and forms an important
part of Conference Week.
Dorothy Rominger, '22, gave several
catchy pianologucs and the rest of the
evening was given over to dancing.
Whitmer's orchestra furnished the
music.
