# New chairman
## 
### 
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
Dr. Stanley Cohen, professor of
genetics and medicine, has been ap
pointed chairman of the Department
of Genetics at the School of
Medicine.
The appointment was announced
Tuesday, Nov. 14, by Dr. Clayton
Rich, vice president for medical af
fairs and dean of the medical school.
Cohen has been at Stanford since
1968. He served as head of the divi
sion of clinical pharmacology from
1969 to 1978.
