# Dils selected
## 
### 
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
San Francisco (AP) — Stan
ford's Steve Dils, leading pas
ser in major college football,
and Mike Moroski, one of the
best quarterbacks in the small
college ranks, will be team
mates on the West team in the
54th East-West Shrine Game.
The selection of the two
quarterbacks was announced
yesterday. Both are headed for
other post-season games, Dils
and Stanford in the Dec. 31
Bluebonnet Bowl, Moroski and
the Cal-Davis Aggies in the
NCAA Division II playoffs.
The East-West game will be
played Jan. 6 in Stanford
Stadium.
