# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harvakd and Vale have made it
up. The athletic squabble between
the two great Eastern universities
is over and they will doubtless
come to be greater friends than
ever. Their two years' rest from
collegiate dissension has been
healthful. There was a strong and
unseemly feeling of bitterness be
tween the two student bodies at the
time of their athletic smash-up; a
feeling which has in great part
been allayed by time and better
counsel. Yale and Harvard had
gotten past the point where they
could contest as gentlemen, and
cessation of relations was the only
thing possible under the circum
stances. Let us hope that the two
universities will avoid the causes
that brought about their dissension
year before last.
Harvakd and Vale have made it
up. The athletic squabble between
the two great Eastern universities
is over and they will doubtless
come to be greater friends than
ever. Their two years' rest from
collegiate dissension has been
healthful. There was a strong and
unseemly feeling of bitterness be
tween the two student bodies at the
time of their athletic smash-up; a
feeling which has in great part
been allayed by time and better
counsel. Yale and Harvard had
gotten past the point where they
could contest as gentlemen, and
cessation of relations was the only
thing possible under the circum
stances. Let us hope that the two
universities will avoid the causes
that brought about their dissension
year before last.
Harvakd and Vale have made it
up. The athletic squabble between
the two great Eastern universities
is over and they will doubtless
come to be greater friends than
ever. Their two years' rest from
collegiate dissension has been
healthful. There was a strong and
unseemly feeling of bitterness be
tween the two student bodies at the
time of their athletic smash-up; a
feeling which has in great part
been allayed by time and better
counsel. Yale and Harvard had
gotten past the point where they
could contest as gentlemen, and
cessation of relations was the only
thing possible under the circum
stances. Let us hope that the two
universities will avoid the causes
that brought about their dissension
year before last.
Harvakd and Vale have made it
up. The athletic squabble between
the two great Eastern universities
is over and they will doubtless
come to be greater friends than
ever. Their two years' rest from
collegiate dissension has been
healthful. There was a strong and
unseemly feeling of bitterness be
tween the two student bodies at the
time of their athletic smash-up; a
feeling which has in great part
been allayed by time and better
counsel. Yale and Harvard had
gotten past the point where they
could contest as gentlemen, and
cessation of relations was the only
thing possible under the circum
stances. Let us hope that the two
universities will avoid the causes
that brought about their dissension
year before last.
Harvakd and Vale have made it
up. The athletic squabble between
the two great Eastern universities
is over and they will doubtless
come to be greater friends than
ever. Their two years' rest from
collegiate dissension has been
healthful. There was a strong and
unseemly feeling of bitterness be
tween the two student bodies at the
time of their athletic smash-up; a
feeling which has in great part
been allayed by time and better
counsel. Yale and Harvard had
gotten past the point where they
could contest as gentlemen, and
cessation of relations was the only
thing possible under the circum
stances. Let us hope that the two
universities will avoid the causes
that brought about their dissension
year before last.
