# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
jrrrrrTTTrTfTk
Adults 25c fax included
ENDS TONIGHT
I "Bahama Passage"
Starring
MADELEINE CARROLL
STIRLING HAYDEN
FLORA ROBSON
LEO C. CARROLL
—plus—
"Pacific Blackout"
with
ROBERT PRESTON
MARTHA O DRISCOLL
