# Robinson to Speak At Palace Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history depart
ment, will address the Common
wealth Club on the subject, "Can
Democracy Survive the War? Amer
ica's Answer!" Friday, at San Fran
cisco's Palace Hotel.
Dr. Robinson, author of "American
Democracy in Time of Crisis'' and
co-author of "The Foreign Policy of
Woodrow Wilson." and past president
of the Commonwealth Club of Cali
fornia, was recently awarded an
honorary LL.D. by the University of
Wisconsin.
