# Students to Be Admitted To Entertainment, Dance, After Alumni Banquet
## 
### 
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
Students are to be admitted to the
entertainment and dance after the
Alumni Banquet in the pavilion Satur
day night.
Admission will be 50 cents per
person, or 75 cents per couple, and
"Hock" Chalmers, in cnarge of the en
tertainment, promises that this alone
will be more than worth the price.
And then, —the dancing—well, nuff
said.
The pavilion will be decorated to
give a terrace garden effect, and a
miniature stage is being erected for
the entertainment.
