# Mrs. Stanford at the City.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
Mrs. Stanford reached San Fran
cisco this morning, having passed
through Palo Alto on the through
train from Los Angeles shortly
after 10 o'clock. She stood the
trip from New York well, and iH in
good health and spirits. It is not
known how soon she will come to
the University.
