# St. Louis Hall of Fame.
## 
### 
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
The announcement has gone out
from St. Louis that the Hall of
Fame is to have a temporary imi
tation during the great fair year
after next. Every college presi
dent in the fifteen or more States
in the Louisiana Purchase has been
invited to name the two men from
his own State who have done the
most to "make history." It is pro
posed to place husts or statues of
these twenty men in a temporary
Hall of Fame at the St. Louis
World's Fair in 11)03. — Triangle.
