# Cotillion Tickets on Sale.
## 
### 
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotil
lion next Saturday evening will be
on sale tomorrow (Wednesday) at
the Bookstore and at the Palace
Drugstore in Palo Alto. The pro
grams may be secured with the
tickets. The committee intends to
have every number on the program
given, including the sixteen regular
dances, four extras, and one grab,
and the first one will begin
promptly at eight o'clock, as for
erly announced. The decoration
committee is planning to yi.ve the
hall an artistic and inviting ap
pea ranee.
The patronesses for the function
will be: Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Bran
ner, Mrs. Stilltnan, Mrs. Pease,
Mrs. Matzke, Mrs. Howard, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs Storey, Mrs. Searles,
Mrs. Hodges, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Kavson, Mrs. May hew, and Miss
Ely.
