# I Club to Elect '61 Chiefs Today
## 
### 
The International Club will
open polls again today for the
election of the 196061 officers.
The election of last week with
Rudolpf Meinor chosen president
and Sing Walia as vice-president
has been invalidated by the exec
utive officers of this year.
Candidates for this election re
main Rudolph Meiner, Fred Aw,
Tony Chan, Makonne Amlak, and
Stelio Carrasquel for president;
Sing Walia and KoKo Lay vie
for the vice-presidency.
Eligible voters include foreign
students and only those American
students who have membership
cards. The polls are open at the
International Center from 11-1,
4-6. and 8:30-10:30 p.m.
