# Untitled Article
## 
### 

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?

REMEMBER when the Mission Street episode was at its height last
quarter, and one campus artist pictured a Farm coed's winter ward
robe something like this?
