# Dr. Sokol:
## 
### 
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
"We hope to do as well next quarter as we
have done thu# far. We are happy to have had
unusual success."
