# Dean Cottrell:
## 
### 
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
"Your training has prepared you for this
troubled world, but, let us hope, also for the
new world to follow. May you go forward to
your new assignments and future positions in
the world in the faith that knowledge is
strength and that the victories of peace are

more lasting than those of war. We wish you
godspeed."
