# Adv. 34 Page 11
## 
### 
braun ?<mm
m d BEAUTY
To make eyes look
farther apart, stroke
color around outer
corners ;ind keep inner
corners light.
* * *
Don't outline your lips
with a too-dark lip
pencil; use one close to
lipstick color.
* * *
Starting a meal with a
bowl of soup prevents
you from eating too
much of the main dish.
* * *
To prevent injury, don't
skip your stretching
exercises before jogging.
** * '
Simple pumps in smooth
leathers or suedes will
go with any outfit this
season.
* * *
Simple haircuts or more
complicated styles are
easy for our experts.
Call for an appointment:
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
JAY
WEINBERG:
LIVING PROOF
YOUR
CONTRIBUTIONS
COUNT.
These days, Jay ,
Weinberg's most
difficult battles take
place on the tennis
court. Five years
ago, he had a
different kind of
fight on his hands:
against one of the
toughest forms of
cancer. Cancer
research and
treatment have
made Jay's kind of
recovery possible for
almost 2 million
people. Which
means that your
donations have
helped buy Jay
Weinberg a very
beautiful gift:
v his life.
