# Briefly...
## 
### 
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
China lecture
Harry Harding, political science
professor, will speak on "China After
Mao: The End of the Revolution?"
today at 4:15 p.m. in the Branner Hall
Lounge.
Harding was among a group of uni
versity administrators who spent 19
days in the People's Republic of China
during mass demonstrations against
Mao's widow and other alleged radi
cals.
The lecture, sponsored by Phi Beta
Kappa, is open to the public.
Committees to rap
All student members and interns on
university committees and all ASSU
senators are urged to attend a get to
gether today from 3-5 p.m. in Rm. 270,
Tresidder Union.
'Right to Die' talk
Karen Lebacqz, a consultant on
Bio-Ethics, and Jerome Lackner, direc
tor of the California Department of
Health, will discuss the "Right to Die"
bill at 5 p.m. in Rm. M-104 in the Med
ical Center.
The B'nai B'rith Hillel Foundation is
presenting the talk as part of its con
tinuing series on "Judaism and Medi
cal Ethics."
