# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
Officials of Dartmouth College claim
that it costs approximately $100 to
outfit each map on the Big Green
team.
