# Swain Talks At Methodist Bishop's Conference In S.F.
## 
### 
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
Stanford was represented at the
dinner Friday night in the Whitcomb
Hotel, San Francisco, in honor of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal
Church meeting in conference, by Dr.
Robert E. Swain, acting president of
(he University and member of the
honorary reception committee; Mrs.
Swain; and J. Hugh Jackson, profes
sor of accounting in the Graduate
School of Business. President Swain
was one of the speakers on the pro
gram.
