# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
■HNBNBHBBViannBHnMHnHnBHM
For fountain qualify that's
supreme
And service with a smile
For smooth, delicious ice
cream
Try Cold Seal—it's worth
your while.
•
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY
