# Megladdery Theft Charges Dropped
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
OAKLAND, Calif., Nov. 7 (UP).
—Grand theft charges against Mark
Lee Megladdery, former secretary
to ex-Governor Frank F. Merriam,
were dismissed today by Superior
Judge Lincoln Church.
District Attorney Ralph Hoyt ap
proved the action. Megladdery is
now serving a one-year county jail
sentence on a check charge.
