# Choir, Glee Club Unite For Monday Service
## 
### 
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
The University choir and the glee
club will unite in singing "I Vow
to Thee, My Country," by Gustave
Hoist for the Armistice Day service
on Monday morning at 10:45 o'clock.
All members of the glee club and
choir who did not attend the re
hearsal last night arc asked to come
to the organ gallery at 10:15 o'clock
on Sunday morning to rehearse this
chorus for the special Armistice Day
service.
