# Talk Over the Good Old Days at P.J.C.
## 
### 
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
When Clem Tomerlin and Jackie
Robinson wore seen kneeling next
to one another on the Coliseum turi
after a pass play had been busted
up, they were probably recalling old
days at Pasadena J. C., the school
that gave Stanford Bill McElroy,
regular end two years ago, and U.
S.C. Grenny Lansdell, All-American
quarterback last year.

There were 10,037,084 miles of
highway in the world at the be
ginning of 1939, according to the
California State Automobile Asso
ciation.
