# 'Marching To'
## 
### 

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.

Students from Stanford and near-by high schools thread their way through
down-town Palo Alto en route to the Stanford Research Institute (Inset) to
protest SRl's involvement in the Vietnam war.
