# '35 Announces Class Meeting
## 
### 
Further developments in the plans
for Senior Week and commencement
will be presented to members of the
class of '35 at its second meeting to
morrow night. The assembly, which
is to be very brief, is scheduled to
begin at 7:30 o'clock in Room 214.
Class President Jimmy Triolo will
introduce Dr. R. E. Swain, chairman
of ths Committee of Public Exer
cises, who will announce important
new plans for the commencement
exercises. Milt Friedman, secretary
treasurer of the class, will give a
report of the payment of class dues
and the financing of Senior Week
activities.
Social Chairman Dick Kelly will
discuss further plans for a special
activity this quarter. His committee
has been working on arrangements
since the last senior meeting, when
the class voted to hold a skating
party.
