# Italo-Balkan Conference Ends with Understanding
## 
### 
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
VENICE, Italy, May 6 (vP).—The
Italo-Austro-Hungarian Conference
today ended with an accord in the
views of the three nations, Vulvio
Suvich, Italian undersecretary of
foreign affairs, told foreign corre
spondents.
In the presence of Foreign Minis
ter Egon Borgner-Waldennegg of
Austria and Foreign Minister Kilo
mon von Kanya of Hungary, Suvich
said the work done in Venice—pre
liminary to the Danubian Conference
next month—was carried on "in the
best of understanding among our
selves and in an absolute spirit of
collaboration."
