# Letters policy
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters are subject to editing
and must include name, phone number
and Stanford affiliation, if any.
Letters are published on a space
available basis at the discretion of the
Editorial Page Editors. Submissions
should be kept to 250 words. The Daily
regrets that it cannot return unprinted
letters.
Bring a typed letter or Macintosh disk
to The Daily's office in the Storke Pub
lications Building (across from Terman
Pond).
