# Ticket Sale for Saturday's Game Continues Today
## 
### 
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
One hundred and seventy
students purchased Northwest
ern ducats yesterday for Sat
urday's tilt.
Ticket sale has been extended
and the Board of Athletic Con
trol ticket booth will be open
today for tardy seat purchas
ers.
Rally Committee heads an
nounced that rooters' hats will
be necessary for admittance to
the section. They can be pur
chased at Wideman's in Palo
Alto for 65 cents.
