# Play Reading Tryouts To Be Continued Today
## 
### 
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
Tryouts for the first fall quarter
play reading will continue this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the Little The
ater. James Benet, president of
Sword and Sandals under whose aus- j
pices the play readings are given,
points out that this form of campus I
dramatic activity offers excellent '
chances to new talent. In addition, I
they offer the maximum of experi- '
ence with a minimum of effort.
