# Women Debaters Plan Meet with California
## 
### 
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
"Resolved: That NRA is faulty in
its past application rather than in
theory" will be the probable question
to be argued in dual debate on No
vember 6, when Stanford's women
debaters will oppose members of
Parliament, University of California
organization.
Other debates scheduled for this
quarter will be with the College of
the Pacific, San Jose State Teachers'
College, St. Mary's, University of
San Francisco, University of Cali
fornia, Mills College, and Santa
Clara.
