# SUCCESS MARKS THIRD 1911 JOLLY-UP LAST FRIDAY,
## 
### 
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
The 1911 jolly-ui) last Friday even
ing was in all respects the best the
class has held. Armory Hall was
crowded with Seniors, Post-graduates
and Hold-overs, all intent upon hav
ing a good time. Professors P. T.
Treat and E. B. Khehbiel of the His
tory department, K. L. Dole and Pres
ident H. G. Ferguson made short
speeches apropos of the occasion. The
evening was pleasantly passed in
dancing and in the enjoyment of a big
feed. Much credit is due the com
mittee which had charge of the affair
and to H. W. Swafford the chairman.
The class of 1911 was the first of
the classes to hold a jolly-up of this
nature when it made the innovation
last spring. The one on Friday night
was the third held by the Senior
class.
