# Adv. 28 Page 9
## 
### 
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donors - If you are 21-30,
N/S/D, call 415-455-4626 or
jgorton@jgorton-mjd.com. $ comp.
Egg Donor, $lO,OOO reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.- High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
Special need for Jewish and
Asian Donors. Compensation
$5OOO-slsooo+ for qual. app.
F.A., Inc. 909-696-7466
www.FertilityAlternatives.com
Help a loving couple (Stanford
alum.) by donating your eggs.
Looking for 21-27 yr. old with
very helathy personal/family history.
Substantial payment. We are
local and all procedures will be
local and confidential.
help2havechild@yahoo.com
