# TRACKMEN MUST BREAK RECORD TO WIN INTRAMURAL RELAYS CUP
## 
### 
With the necessity of breaking a
record in order to win an award in
the coming relays to be held May
30 to June 2 facing them, trackmen
of various row and hall organiza
tions are rapidly rounding into
shape.
A cup engraved with the new rec
ord and the name of the organiza
tion setting it will be presented to

the team breaking the existing
mark. Five of the present records
were set last year, Breakers chalk
ing up three of them and El Tore
two. The mark in the eight-man
mile relay was set by El Toro in
1930.
The records as they now stand are
as follows:
4-man 440 relay—Breakers—4l3.B.
4-man mile relay—El T0r0—3:36.5.
4-man 880 relay—Breakers—l:32.B.
Mile medley relay—Breakers —
3:40.8.
Shuttle hurdle relay—Breakers—
56.3.
8-man mile relay—El T0r0—3:07.1.
Freshmen at Gunnison College arc
required to walk backwards while
on the campus.
