# Freshman Dramatics To Be Permanent Activity
## 
### 
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
The innovation of freshman dra
matics in the Y.W.C.A. activities
proved so successful Wednesday
night that, the freshman draniti
group will become a permanent fea
j ture of the "Y" activities.
Under the direction of Miss Clairi
| MacGregor of the public speaking
; department, the two plays, "Tin
| Lost Silk Hat," and "Overtones,"
j were given. Mary Ann Wheeler
starred in the former, assisted b>
Enid Olivi, Barbara Snoke, Mar>
Lou Dow, and Mina Breaux. Bcnil ;
Calmenson was outstanding in the
latter, aided by June Dimmit, Mark
Lou Dobbs, and Lillian Huvwitz.
