# BIDDLE WILL VISIT GRADUATE SCHOOL
## Harvard Business School Head Here Tuesday 
### 
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
The Graduate School of Business j
announces that Clinton P. Biddle. {
Associate Dean of the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Ad
ministration, will visit this campus
Tuesday, April 19.
Students who are interested in
obtaining information regarding the j
Harvard School may arrange for j
conferences with Biddle, who will j
be here all day for that purpose, :
through Dean Hugh J. Jackson or,
the secretaray of the Graduate j
School of Business.
Biddle's visit is significant of the i
connection between the two schools, !
which are the only business schools j
in the United States which limit !
their members to holders of an A.B. j
degree or its equivalent. The aims l
of the two schools are largely the j
same, as are their curricula and j
methods of During the j
past few years there has been con- 1
siderable interchange of students.
