# Eleven ROTC Awards Given
## 
### 
Eleven senior ROTC cadets
were presented with Distin
guished Military Student
Badges at the Army ROTC's
first ceremony of the academ
ic year yesterday on Harry
Maloney Field, according to
an announcement by Colonel
Dale E. Mean, Professor of
Military Science.
The cadets were Geoffrey
H. Bcrtelsen, J. Brooks Col
burn, John E. Chrissinger,
Terrence Cullinan, Bruce M.
Flohr, James W. Grew, Harry
D. Palmer, Munro V. Robert
son, John W. Warnock, Jack
H. White, Jr., and Robert M.
Wylie.
The award is in recognition
of outstanding leadership and
academic achievement.
