# Junior Farce Next Thursday.
## 
### 
The Junior Farce, "The Bone of
Contention," is being prepared for
production next Thursday evening
under the supervision of Irwin, '98.
The Farce refers hack to the days
when '99's were sophomores and
has a rush motif. The bone of the
contention is a champion two
twenty hurdler from the East, who
is much sought after by rival fra
ternities and who in his endeavors
to escape them changes names and
identities with a little chap from
Boston, who is in conjunction with
his uncle a leader of the reform
movement against rushing. The
change of names and identities by
the two, results in numerous humor
ous situations, in which the Boston
man's uncle and mother are deeply
involved. The fraternities in the
meantime are rushing the wrong
man. The Boston man with the
hurdler's name and reputation is
elected president of the Freshman
Class, but when it comes to leading
the annual rush betweSn the lower
classes his real identity is revealed
in his total slump. The real ath
lete comes to the rescue, however,
and leads the rush, for which he is
indefinitely suspended from the
University through the instrumen
tality of the reforming preacher.
In the meantime he has joined a
third fraternity and the other two
are left with nothing for their
trouble.
Tickets for the Farce will be on
sale Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday at prices ranging from
35 cents to 75 cents for reserved
seats, and 25 cents for general ad
mission.
The Junior Farce, "The Bone of
Contention," is being prepared for
production next Thursday evening
under the supervision of Irwin, '98.
The Farce refers hack to the days
when '99's were sophomores and
has a rush motif. The bone of the
contention is a champion two
twenty hurdler from the East, who
is much sought after by rival fra
ternities and who in his endeavors
to escape them changes names and
identities with a little chap from
Boston, who is in conjunction with
his uncle a leader of the reform
movement against rushing. The
change of names and identities by
the two, results in numerous humor
ous situations, in which the Boston
man's uncle and mother are deeply
involved. The fraternities in the
meantime are rushing the wrong
man. The Boston man with the
hurdler's name and reputation is
elected president of the Freshman
Class, but when it comes to leading
the annual rush betweSn the lower
classes his real identity is revealed
in his total slump. The real ath
lete comes to the rescue, however,
and leads the rush, for which he is
indefinitely suspended from the
University through the instrumen
tality of the reforming preacher.
In the meantime he has joined a
third fraternity and the other two
are left with nothing for their
trouble.
Tickets for the Farce will be on
sale Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday at prices ranging from
35 cents to 75 cents for reserved
seats, and 25 cents for general ad
mission.
The Junior Farce, "The Bone of
Contention," is being prepared for
production next Thursday evening
under the supervision of Irwin, '98.
The Farce refers hack to the days
when '99's were sophomores and
has a rush motif. The bone of the
contention is a champion two
twenty hurdler from the East, who
is much sought after by rival fra
ternities and who in his endeavors
to escape them changes names and
identities with a little chap from
Boston, who is in conjunction with
his uncle a leader of the reform
movement against rushing. The
change of names and identities by
the two, results in numerous humor
ous situations, in which the Boston
man's uncle and mother are deeply
involved. The fraternities in the
meantime are rushing the wrong
man. The Boston man with the
hurdler's name and reputation is
elected president of the Freshman
Class, but when it comes to leading
the annual rush betweSn the lower
classes his real identity is revealed
in his total slump. The real ath
lete comes to the rescue, however,
and leads the rush, for which he is
indefinitely suspended from the
University through the instrumen
tality of the reforming preacher.
In the meantime he has joined a
third fraternity and the other two
are left with nothing for their
trouble.
Tickets for the Farce will be on
sale Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday at prices ranging from
35 cents to 75 cents for reserved
seats, and 25 cents for general ad
mission.
The Junior Farce, "The Bone of
Contention," is being prepared for
production next Thursday evening
under the supervision of Irwin, '98.
The Farce refers hack to the days
when '99's were sophomores and
has a rush motif. The bone of the
contention is a champion two
twenty hurdler from the East, who
is much sought after by rival fra
ternities and who in his endeavors
to escape them changes names and
identities with a little chap from
Boston, who is in conjunction with
his uncle a leader of the reform
movement against rushing. The
change of names and identities by
the two, results in numerous humor
ous situations, in which the Boston
man's uncle and mother are deeply
involved. The fraternities in the
meantime are rushing the wrong
man. The Boston man with the
hurdler's name and reputation is
elected president of the Freshman
Class, but when it comes to leading
the annual rush betweSn the lower
classes his real identity is revealed
in his total slump. The real ath
lete comes to the rescue, however,
and leads the rush, for which he is
indefinitely suspended from the
University through the instrumen
tality of the reforming preacher.
In the meantime he has joined a
third fraternity and the other two
are left with nothing for their
trouble.
Tickets for the Farce will be on
sale Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday at prices ranging from
35 cents to 75 cents for reserved
seats, and 25 cents for general ad
mission.
The Junior Farce, "The Bone of
Contention," is being prepared for
production next Thursday evening
under the supervision of Irwin, '98.
The Farce refers hack to the days
when '99's were sophomores and
has a rush motif. The bone of the
contention is a champion two
twenty hurdler from the East, who
is much sought after by rival fra
ternities and who in his endeavors
to escape them changes names and
identities with a little chap from
Boston, who is in conjunction with
his uncle a leader of the reform
movement against rushing. The
change of names and identities by
the two, results in numerous humor
ous situations, in which the Boston
man's uncle and mother are deeply
involved. The fraternities in the
meantime are rushing the wrong
man. The Boston man with the
hurdler's name and reputation is
elected president of the Freshman
Class, but when it comes to leading
the annual rush betweSn the lower
classes his real identity is revealed
in his total slump. The real ath
lete comes to the rescue, however,
and leads the rush, for which he is
indefinitely suspended from the
University through the instrumen
tality of the reforming preacher.
In the meantime he has joined a
third fraternity and the other two
are left with nothing for their
trouble.
Tickets for the Farce will be on
sale Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday at prices ranging from
35 cents to 75 cents for reserved
seats, and 25 cents for general ad
mission.
