# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
Lil* Indian Says—
Don't walk on your hands
if your feet hurt. Buy
your shoes at
CHagWS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1893
