# LOGGING STRIKE ENDS
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11 (UP).—The
45-day-old strike of C.1.0. log
boommen ended , today in a com
promise settlement approved by the
union's 100 members and Columbia
and Willamette River operators.
