# D.U. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Edmonds, '41,
to Delta Upsilon.
