# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
HOSPITAL
Don Black, Jack Blucker, Lois
Einry, Sallye Ross, Hugh Duncan,
Robert Pauly, Richard Ray, Law
rence Campbell, Dorothy Skaw,
Elizabeth Taylor, Betty Kline, Doug
las McDonald.
MEN'S REST HOME
Gary Ellis, Roland Seton, Edward
Cundiff, Edmond Klies, Thomas Dail,
Carleton Cross, John Samter, Ken
neth Sayre, Harry Hill, Bill Shep
ard.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Sylvia Berry, June Prince, Lee Al
len, Eleanor Gruggel, Marjorie For
ward, Olga Widman.
