# Economists To Attend Conference
## 
### 
Preliminary registrations for the
sixth annual Stanford Business
Conference from July 13 until July
18 on the campus indicate an at
tendance of approximately 450 from
the Pacific Coast, J. Hugh Jackson
of the Graduate School of Business
announced today.
As one of the highlights of the
program, Sumner H. Slichter, Har
vard University economist, will de
liver a series of five lectures on
American economy, labor-manage
ment, economic stability, interna
tional economic trends.
Other speakers include J. Lester
Perry, newly elected president of
Columbia Steel Company; Donald
W. Douglas, president of the Doug
las Aircraft Company; E. Wight
Bakke, director of the Labor and
Management Center at Yale Uni
versity; and John F. Shelley, presi
dent of the San Francisco Labor
Council.
