# GI BENEFITS
## 
### 
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
Any veteran attending or desiring
to attend the California State Mari
time Academy at Vallejo will now
secure all the privileges of the GI
Bill of Rights, according to the Di
vision of Readjustment Education,
California State Department of Ed
ucation.
a commission as ensign. USNR.
Examination for admittance in
September will be held July 19 at
John Swett Junior High School, 727
Golddj>-;Gate, San Francisco.
