# Johansson Hurt
## 
### 
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
GROSSINER, N.J. (A'\ A back
injury has halted the training of
Swedish challenger Ingemar Jo
hannson for his world heavy
weight championship fight with
Floyd Patterson in New York on
June 25.
He left Thursday for treatment
and rest in N'ew York City.
