# Lagunita Announces Results of Elections
## 
### 
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
Results of the Lagunita Court
elections, held last Thursday, are
as follows, Patty LeVeque, in
charge of elections, announced:
Court secretary, Jo Lyon; Olivo
vice-president, Liz Marmostan; Na
ranja vice - president, Helen Jo
hannes; Adelfa, Ann Jameson;
Magnolia, Ship Newlin; Granada,
Alice Farmer; Eucalypto, Sylvia
Knowles; and Eucalypto Committee
of Seven member, Jean Kellogg.
