# HOEDOWNERS START GROUP
## 
### 
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
Hoedowners is starting a new ad
vanccd group which will meet for
the first time today at 5 p.m. in
the dance studio of the Women's
Gym.
Anyone who has done any folk
dancing is invited to come to the
organizing meeting.
