# THIS WEEK
## 
### 
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
This Week
Far Eastern textile exhibit, open
since Oct. 9, Golden Gate Park Mu
seum.
Tomorrow
Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30 Me
morial Auditorium, "The Tito-Sta
lin Feud," free.
Friday
Train for UCLA weekend, 7:40
p.m.; round-trip—coach $15, Pull
man $30.
