# Leave of Absence.
## 
### 
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
L. M. Hoskins, professor of Ap
plied Mathematics, will receive a
year's leave of absence, beginning
with next semester. He will be
absent from the University about
fifteen months, visiting during the
time the hydraulic laboratories at
Cornell, Lehigh, Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, and the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and spending
much time in research at Paris,
France. On his return be will,
together with Professor C. D. Marx,
supervise the construction of an hy
draulic laboratory here. No one
has yet been appointed to take
charge of Professor Hoskins'courses
next year.
