# 1904 Canes.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
At a meeting of the Freshman
Class this afternoon class canes
were ordered for next year. Two
designs were submitted at two dol
lars each, and one having been ac
cepted, a committee of three, Wat
son, Chandler, and Van Norden
(chairman), was appointed!)y Pres
ident Wood to select an appropri
ate design. The sticks will be here
in about two weeks.
