# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
There can justly be nothing but
praise for our baseball team. Al
though beaten in the deciding con
test, they played a good game, and
the results of the season's training
were clearly discernable. The prob
lem that coach and captain had to
face this season of developing a
team almost entirely from raw and
none too abundant material was a
difficult one, and the efforts ex
pended to meet it should be ap
preciated by all. The "chronic
knocker" will see in our defeat a
chance to harangue over our athletic
policy and things in general, but
those who have watched the progress
of the team and can appreciate con
scientious work will agree that the
baseball squad of 1901 has earned
the undivided thanks of the student
body.
