# French Club to Hear Farce.
## 
### 
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
The French Club will hold an open
meeting at the Walden Club on Thurs
day, January 21, at 8 p. m. A farce,
entitled "La Lettre Chargee," by La
biche, will be given by the Misses M.
R. Knox, '11, and A. E. Shinn, '10;
and Messrs. G. F. Morgan, '10, and P.
M. Ogilvie, '11. All interested are in
vited to attend.
