# To Build Wind-Break.
## 
### 
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
The Board of Control has decided to
build a wind-break of shrubbery on
the northwestern corner of the track.
That part of the track is not shel
tered, and wind from this quarter
hampers runners.
