# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


The truth
Men's basketball suffers
an 85-69 loss to Cal.
And that's the truth.
Sports, page 7

is under
A lonely Ryan Craig
befriends a squirrel
under the trees.
Opinions, page 4

my shoe
It's in the shoes!
Women's basketball
defeats Cal 87-36.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Rain, rain, rain
Temps 50s to 60s.
Tomorrow: Drizzle,
drizzle, drizzle.
Morning showers.
50s to 60s.


