# MAY ENTER A CREW
## STANFORD ASKED TO ENTER PORTOLA REGATTA. Faclty Consent Has Been Given and Captain Huston Has Taken Matter up with Officials. 
### 
Stanford will probably enter a four
in the regatta which will be held in
San Francisco during the Portola
Festival next month. Captain J. C.
Huston, '10, received a communication
asking that Stanford be represented
by a four sometime ago, but nothing
was done about the matter until the
consent of the Faculty Committee on
Athletics was obtained at their meet
ing last Saturday.
Captain Huston has already commu
nicated with F. W. Turner, '08, who is
at present in San Francisco to take
the matter up with Chairman Ham
mersmith of the Regatta Committee of
the Portola Festival. Until Turner has
been heard from, it will not be defi
nitely decided whether Stanford will
enter a crew.
If Stanford should decide to com
pete with the other bay crews she
should have a good chance to cap
ture the honors, as there will be a
large number of veteran oarsmen to
choose from, as the boat can be filled
from those who either rowed against
California last spring or were mem
bers of the crew that defeated the Uni
versity of Washington at Seattle last
June.
The crews that have already been
entered are the "Dolphins," the
"Ariels," and a four by the Alameda
Boat Club. As the race will be rowed
on the open bay, barges will be used
in place of the speedier shells on ac
count of the more seaworthiness of the
former craft. The race will probably
be witnessed by a larger crowd than
that which has previously witnessed
any other regatta on the coast, and
will be a spectacular event as the
present plans provide for a course be
tween lines of battle-ships which will
then be in the harbor.
