# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The baseball season has opened
under the most favorable auspices,

and the prospects for a successful
series are unusually bright. But
these favorable conditions should
not close our eyes to the fact that
baseball has never been conducted
on the same high plane as football
and track, and it is inevitable that
this year's team shall suffer to
some extent for the faults of its
predecessors. A complete reversal
of the policies pursued by former
coaches will probably be instituted
by Lanagan, and it will be no easy
task for the veterans of the squad
to conform to the new rules. The
necessity for strictly observing
these regulations cannot be too
strongly impressed upon the minds
of the baseball candidates, who
ought to recognize that the meth
ods which raised football and
track to their present standard
should prove equally effective on
the diamond.
