# NINETEEN FAILURES IN WINTER QUARTER
## 
### 
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
Ninety-six students felt the weight
of the faculty axe at the end of the
winter quarter, according to a state
ment issued by the Registrar's office
this morning.
Nineteen of this number were given
final failures. Forty-one failed for
the first time, ant! can return after
one semester, while thirty-six others
were placed on strict probation.
