# WILBUR IS SPEAKER AT COMING SMOKER
## 
### 
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
The Geology and Mining Society is
planning a smoker for the near future.
The exact date as yet has not been
determined, but the affair will take
place at the Union some time next
week. The program will include
several speakers, among them being
President Wilbur and Professor Tol
man. No eats will be served, but
smokes in abundance will be supplied.
The smoker will be free and under
classmen who are majoring in the de
partment are especially requested to
attend.
