# Untitled Article
## 
### 
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
the requirements of the service will
determine this.
A new naval training cam]) has been
established at Pelham Bay Park, New
York City. The camp is to be an of
ficers' training school, and is to grad
uate officers at the rate of one hun
dred to one hundred and fifty per
month for the present. Later it is in
tended to increase the output of this
school to two hundred per month.
The course consists of two months'
training at sea on coastwise ships,
followed by a two months' intensive
course in navigation, ordnance, and
seamanship.
The men selected for this training
must meet the usual physical quali
fications. and must be between 21 and
30 years of age. The men will be as
signed to such coastwise vessels, on
their arrival in New York, as are
available and their work will be un
der the direct supervision of the sup
ervisor's office, if their work proves
satisfactory at the end of this two
months' sea training, they will be
ordered to the school at Pelham Bay
Park. Those who do not prove satis
factory will be given suitable ratings
and transferred to the Naval Training
Camp in New York City.
