# DINKELSPIEL AND MURPHY ARE ELECTED
## Vote for Quad Editor and Manager Heavy in Spite of War 
### 
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
Today's election for editor and man
ager of the 1920 Quad resulted n the
selection of L. \V. Dinkelspiel for edi
tor, and J. T. Murphy for manager.
The other candidates were H. O.
Swendsen for editor and F. K. Col
glazier and J. A. Sparks for manager.
The number of votes cast was heavy,
considering the small number of
sophomores who remain in the Uni
versity. One hundred and twenty
three ballots were marked.
Dinkelspiel is a news editor on The
Daily Palo Alto staff and a member of
the Varsity track squad. He is a
member of Encina Club.
.Murphy is also an Encina Club man
and a member of the Varsity boxing
squad.
The count of the ballots showed the
following returns: For editor —Dink-
elspiel f»!>, Swendsen 50. For man
ager—Murphy f»~>, Colglazier 15.
Sparks 13.
