# OREGON TAKES IDAHO
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
MOSCOW, Jan. 21 (UP). —The
University of Oregon basketball
squad defeated Idaho in the second
game of a series Saturday 35 to 31.
