# Deadline for Quad Pictures Today
## 
### 
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
"Tomorrow is absolutely the last. |
day for pictures, and wo real
ly mean it this time," Frank Lipp- !
man, editor, said last, night. The i
studio will lx> open from 9:30 to 12
o'clock and 1 to 5 o'clock today.
Because the sections of the book,!
including individual pictures must j
go to press early, today is the last
time that the San Francisco pho
tographer will be on the campus.
Proofs of the pictures taken last
week will be available in Room 15 j
of the old Union, beginning Wed- :
nesday.
