# ORIGINALITY TO FEATURE QUAD
## Continuity Of Color Design To Be Specialty 
### 
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
This year the Quad has succeeded
in gelling away from the old and
formalized type of set-up and has
achieved something entirely new and
different, says Hartley Jackson, un
der whose supervision the book is
being published Ibis year. Every ef
fort has been made to eliminate the
square which formerly characterized
the yearbook, every two pages being
set up to create a unit, being de
signed together.
In the fraternity, sorority, and so
ciety sections the type in which the
names is set has been increased to
almost double the size, making a
clearer page and easier reading. All
headings are being placed in a spe
cial French type, "la mercure,"
which presents a more outstanding
heading.
The dynamic motive of the 1931
edition is based on a formalized leaf,
the cover being set in green and
black which is indicative of the
modern touch. All borders are con
tinued in this formalized leaf style
and are carried throughout the book
in a strong orange shade. In con
tradiction to the usual effect the
border has been omitted in many
places, relieving the usual monotony
and emphasizing its effectiveness
where it has been used.
