# GLEDHILL-HAWKINS FORFEIT CHANCE TO TAKE NET TOURNEY
## 
### 
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
Marion Terwilliger and Harry
Plymire now occupy a place in the
finals of the University mixed
doubles tournament as a result of
a Gledhill-Hawkins default in the
semi-finals.
Sue Betty Dunlap and Ted Easton
will clash with Margaret McDougal
and Robert Forbes in the other
semi-final match as soon as the
weather permits. The men of these
three combinations are all out
standing members of the varsity
tennis squad.
With the withdrawal of Gledhill
and Hawkins, the Easton - Dunlap
combination becomes the favorite to
capture the title. Number two man
and captain of this year's varsity
team, Easton went undefeated
throughout Stanford's tough sched
ule. Sue Betty Dunlap is the 500
champion.
