# SEARSVILLE TO BE SCENE OF BANQUET OF COSMOPOLITANS
## 
### 
The annual banquet of the Cosmo
politan Club will be held Friday
night at Searsville Lake, Chi-Chang
Liang, president, announced last
night.
E. A. Rogers, of the Montezuma
School, will be the principal speak
er at ine event, which will be fea
tured in the afternoon by swimming,
boating, and games, and by infor
mal entertainment in the evening.
Those who wish to attend are re
quested to assemble in front oi the
Union before 4:30 o'clock Friday
afternoon.
The affair is open to the public
by reservation. Reservations may be
made with lolande Sciarini or Den
ny Woodworth, or by writing the
Cosmopolitan Club, Box 2020, Cam
pus, at a cost of 00 cents.
A recent vote resulted in the elec
tion of John DeHaas as president,
lolande Sciarini as vice-president,
Masao Yoshitsu as secretary, and
Denny Woodworth as treasurer.
