# BOGART IS POLITICAL SCIENCE CLUB HEAD
## 
### 
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
Walter Bogart was elected presi- I
dent of Pi Sigma Alpha, honorary j
political science fraternity, at a
meeting held Thursday night. Other \
officers chosen were Green Lee, |
vice-president, and Mary Edna Wit
tenberg, secretary-treasurer.
Outgoing officers are W. G. Neal- I
ley, president; Yuan-Chen Cheo, i
vice-president; and Margaret Ball, j
secretary-treasurer.
