# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
Deadline for classified adve
ing is 4 p.m. of the day be
publication.
