# Few Have Paid Assessments.
## 
### 
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
Friday, February 15, is the last day
for paying the 1908 "Quad" assess
ment. Manager Theile reports that
only 161 out of a class of 300 have
so far paid their assessment, and of
these many have not yet had their
photograph taken. The success of
the book depends largely on the ma
terial being in 011 schedule time and
the management emphasizes the fact
that the Juniors should pay the de
linquent assessment immediately and
get their photographs in as soon as
possible.
