# Golf Links Damaged By Rains.
## 
### 
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
Play 011 the golf course has been
rendered impossible by the heavy
rains of the past season. The course
is muddy and in numerous places the
embankment has fallen upon the put
ting greens. This damage will ne
cessitate the greens being scraped
and re-rolled before any champion
ship matches can be held. The teeing
boxes are as yet unfilled. A number
of the members of the club arc mak
ing the rounds of the course every
week, the rule azGiu cmfwy fmwyp
week, but the unfavorable conditions
makes playing at present very diffi
cult.
