# Press Club Initiates New Member.
## 
### 
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
E. N. Smith, '08, was today initiated
into the Press Club. Smith is an as
sociate editor on both the"Daily Palo
Alto" and the "Sequoia." He is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity and
registers in the Law department from
Honolulu, H. I.
