# Two Basketball Games Scheduled.
## 
### 
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
The Women's Basketball Team lias
scheduled two practice games with
outside teams before the big contest
of the season, the first of the series
of intercollegiate games with Califor
nia, which will take place on the
Roble court on the second of March.
The first of the practice games is to
be played next Monday with the Low
ell High School. The other will be
played on the 27th of February, with
the San Jose Normal. The first team
will probably play throughout the lat
ter game.
