# President To Address Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
President Branner will address the
women for the first time at a meet
ing of the Young Women's Christian
Association in the Chapel Tuesday af
ternoon at 4:30. His talk will be in
the form of a reminiscence, the sub
ject of which will be "Early Days at
Stanford." This is probably the first
lime that the new President has spo
ken publicly upon this subject. As a
co-worker with the Stanfords and Dr.
Jordan he has had many interesting
experiences.
The meeting, to which the new stu
dents are particularly invited, will
be lead by Miss B. Wheeler, '14, the
president of the Y. W. C. A. Miss C.
Elliott, '16, will sing a solo.
