# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
Will the person who took a pongee
parasol by mistake from Library
please return to Rest Room or Delta
Delta Delta house.
