# Too few African Americans working at the University
## 
### 
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
In its 1986-87 Affirmative Action
Plan, which was disseminated in Feb
ruary 1987, the University reported
that there are only 84 African Ameri
cans employed at Stanford in exempt
positions, representing 4.2 percent of
the total exempt work force. fExempt
positions are paid by hourly wage
rather than by salary!

Of this meager number, almost each
quarter one learns of African Ameri
cans in exempt positions on the main
campus being terminated for one rea
son or another; or, they are leaving
under duress or from disgust. Conse
quently, to say that African Americans
in exempt positions at Stanford are "at
risk" would be an irresponsible under
statement.
I have attempted to wait until the
release of the Univeristy Committee on
Minority Issues report to see if and
how it addresses this matter, but this
professional bloodshed is much too
deliberate and deadly.
I would like to hear from African
Americans in exempt positions on the
main campus who are interested in
having a constructive meeting on this
subject. If you are interested, please
call me at home; my telephone number
is 323-5602.
Henry Organ
Office of Development
