# Memorial Theater Work on Schedule
## 
### 
Scaffolding is coming down from
the exterior of Memorial Hall re
vealing the theater glistening with
its final coat of paint.

Progress on the construction and
interior finish is forging onward ac
cording to schedule. All terazzo
floors have been laid throughout the
building. Finishing coats are being
applied in the vaulted foyer; fix
tures and plumbing are being in
stalled.

Students now can view their pet
project and form a fair opinion of
what the completed structure will
look like. Most of the tile is in
place on the roof; interior tiling
commences this week.

Green wooden seat terraces rise
i higher each day in Ihc new amphi
|theater, and they will be completed
jnext week. Planting is coming
]ahead nicely under the direction of
Mr. Leslie Kiler,
