# BULLETIN
## 
### 
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
Jim Reynolds, hurrying back
from his Central American de
bate tour for the big' track
meet, arrives on campus this
morning. Since there was only
one empty passage on the fast
er boat he decided to take, he
left behind his debate col
league, Jim Hill, who will re
turn early next week.
