# Adv. 32 Page 13
## 
### 
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
What has twelve arms, twelve legs, one
heart, no recognizable centfcf of gravity
and gets rave reviews on three continents?
ismoaoiidJ
