# Briefly...
## 
### 
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
Panama Canal
There will be a panel discussion on "The
Panama Canal: How to Divest an American
Dilemma" today at 4:15 p.m. in the Meyer
Library Forum Room.
The moderator of the discussion will be
Assoc. History Prof. John Wirth, Director of
the Center for Latin American Studies.
Harris on the air
David Harris, Democratic candidate for the

12th congressional district, will be inter
viewed today on KZSU at 7 p.m. Hams' inter
view is part of KZSU's Campus 76 series.
. 3 M
CORRECTION
In yesterday's Daily the headline of the
article "Medical center immune to malprac
tice suits" was misleading and inaccurate.
However, the contents of the article were
accurate.
