# HE DOES THINGS
## 
### 

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.

Below, Dave Mellinkoff, author of the Daily feature
"Bull Session" and outstanding debater. He is seen
reading news of his forensic teammates now making
tours in the East and Middle West.
