# Price is right
## 
### 
Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

Vincent Price plays Oscar
Wilde, the tormented but bril
liant writer and wit in ACT's
world premiere production of
John Gay's new drama Diver
sions and Delights. The show
runs through July at Marines
Memorial Theatre in San
Francisco. The one-man show
follows Wilde's career, private
and personal. Diversions and
Delights opens the summer
season at ACT.

