# Runner-up Groups In Sing Revealed
## 
### 
Second- and third-place winners
in the Spring Sing, which was held
last. Friday evening, were an
nounced by the judges yesterday.
In the mixed entries the Roble
hashers placed second, and the Jor
dan - Alpha Sigma Phi performance
won third place. Roble was named
second in the women's division,
while Russell - Storey - Lathrop
placed third.
The Miami Triad, composed of the
Betas, Phi Delts, and Sigma Chi's,
were announced second-place win-
ners in the men's division. The Sig
ma Nil's placed third. In the nov
elty entries Theta Delt came in sre
ond, and the Kappa Sigs won third
place.
The Phi Sigma Kappa song team,
which won the Spring Sing Men's
Trophy, will repeat their perform
ance over KRON-TV tomorrow af
ternoon.
The group will give its prize-
winning renditions of "Careless
Love" and "Honor, Honor" on the
"Exclusively Yours" program.
