# Santa Clara to Oppose Varsity Here Saturday
## 
### 
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
Santa Clara will scpid its eleven best
football men to play the Stanford Var
sity Saturday afternoon. The contest
will be the "big game", for the Mission
institution, and considerable enthusiasm
is being aroused in the Catholic college
over the coming fracas. A big delega
tion of rooters will accompany the visi
tors, and a rally will be held in Santa
Clara on Friday.
The Santa Clara game, will put the
Varsity only two weeks away from the
California game, and Coach Bob Evans
will throw his entire strength into the
game in order to win from the visitors.
Santa Clara has one of the strongest
teams in the bay region this season, and
Coach Harmon has accomplished won
ders with his material, according to all
reports. Evans has his warriors going
in great form now, as is shown by the
decisive victories over the Oregon Ag
gies and St. Mary's. Some of the first
string men are out of the game with
injuries now, but Evans is confident
that they will get into the California
game, if they fail to appear in the
Santa Clara game.
The freshmen will go to San Jose Sat
urday to play the College of the Pacific
instead of playing the Palo Alto Mili
tary Academy, as was previously sched
uled.
