# Card spikers split with Kentucky
## Stanford now waits to hear from NCAA 
### TOM MOORE 
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
Looking ahead to post
season play, the Stanford
women's volleyball team
ended its regular season in
Lexington, Ky. during the
weekend, splitting its two
matches with the No. 6
ranked University of Ken
tucky Wildcats.
The Cardinal's ability to
regain its momentum in
fifth games has sustained
the team this year and
Friday night was no differ
ent. After jumping out
quickly to 15-3 and 15-12
decisions to take a 2-0 lead,
Stanford lost a close third
game 18-16. The Wildcats
clawed back to take the
next game 15-6 and with the
momentum swinging its
way, appeared to be in po
sition to take the match.
Stanford regrouped,
however, to take an early
lead in the final game and
never looked back en route
to a 15-4 clincher.

Saturday evening the
Wildcats came back and
crushed a listless Cardinal
squad in three games, 15-
11, 15-8, and 15-8.
"Kentucky really played
well," said Cardinal assis
tant coach Don Shaw after
Saturday's match. "They're
as good as anybody we've
faced all year."
Because Kentucky will be
the home of the NCAA
Championships in mid-
December, Stanford's road
trip also provided valuable
playing experience should
the Cardinal make it to the
final four.
The weekend's efforts
left Stanford 19-8 on the
season and virtually
assured of a place in the
NCAA tournament. The
Cardinal will most probably
have to play a first round
match at Maples Pavilion,
according to Shaw. The
NCAA will announce the
tournament pairing this af
ternoon.


Don Shaw
