# MAXIM WIDOW DIES
## 
### 
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 27 (/P).—
Mrs. Josephine Maxim, widow of
Hiram Percy Maxim, died yesterday
of lobar penumonia 24 hours after
her return from the funeral of her
husband in Hagenstown, Md.
