# Investigates
## 
### 

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)

NAMED HEAD of a House com
mittee to probe the Townsend
Plan was Representative C.
Jasper Bell (IX, Mo.), pictured
above. (A.P. Photo)
