# May Be Warden
## 
### 

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)

FOLSOM WARDEN Court
Smith, above, is said to be un
der consideration as a succes
sor to James B. Ilolohan, who
resigned as San Qucntin warden
effective March 31. (A.P. Photo)
