# Drawings Shown In Art Exhibit
## 
### 
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
Drawings for the Quad Art contest
are now on exhibit at the art de
partment, and judging will take
place at the end of this week by the
faculty of the art department.
