# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
It is somewhat unfortunate thatj
Saturday's baseball game in Sanl
Francisco should have received!
such wide advertisement. This
publicity, however, is something
that cannot be controlled when a
game is played in a large city, and
for that reason it would be far bet
ter that we have no more games in
San Francisco. We all recognize
that we must have these prelimi
nary games, which we play not for
pleasure, but for practice; but the
more quietly we go about it the
better. Those games which we can
not play on the Santa Clara or St.
Mary's diamond we had better play
right here on the campus or cancel
altogether.
