# Debating Committee Meets.
## 
### 
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
The intercollegiate debating com
mittee representing California and
Stanford met Saturday afternoon
at the California hotel. The rep
resentatives from California were
J. T. O'Connor, F. W. Ailken, and
R. T. Fisher. A. H. Suzzallo, '99,
L. B. Wickersham, '00, and Frank
Adams, '01, represented Stanford's
debating interests. A. H. Suzzallo,
'99, was elected chairman of the
joint committee, and F. W. Aitken
of Berkeley, secretary. The object
of the meeting was to make ar
rangements for the next intercol
legiate debate and to draw up an
agreement governing debating mat

ters between the two universities.
Nothing definite, however, was
agreed upon, but the committee
will meet next Saturday and an
agreement will then be arrived at
for the control of debating for the
next three years.
However, due to the fact that the
debate takes place in nine weeks, a
provisional agreement governing
the choice of question and of selec
tion of sides was passed. It was
decided that the section of the old
agreement providing for a toss as
to who should have the option of
choosing the question or selecting
the side should hold for the present
emergency. On the toss the Stan
ford committee won, and the selec
tion of the question for debate was
left to the University of California.
Berkeley must make their selection
of a subject by March sth, and it
must be in the hands of the Stan
ford committee by four o'clock on
the afternoon of that date. Stan
ford will then have one week to
make a choice of sides. i
