# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
SCE CREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in
in the latest
Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
MiSk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
Delicious home-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEICHTON
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
