# PLENTY OF MILEAGE IN THESE TIRES
## 
### 

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)

As a means of improving their footwork, University of Arizona's
football coach, Gus Farwick, utilizes these old automobile tires in
teaching open field running. (Associated Press Photo)
