# Lesley Visits Foreign Aeronautical Centers
## 
### 
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
Professor E. P. Lesley of the Gug
genheim Aeronautics Laboratory is
traveling in Europe, where he will
visit a number of aeronautical
laboratories to study the latest de
velopments in the science.
Before leaving the United States,
Professor Lesley visited Langley
Field at Hampton, Virginia. His
itinerary includes England, France,
Germany, and Italy. He will return
during the Christmas holidays.
