# CARDINAL MAN AIDS IN WINNING DEWAR RIFLE CUP FOR U.S.
## 
### 
Scoring 396 out of a possible 400
points, John Adams of Stanford was
one of the reasons why the Ameri
can Dewar rifle team, of which he
was a member, won the Dewar cup
match against England this year, ac
cording to announcement received
by the National Rifle Association in
Washington from the Society of
Miniature Rifle Clubs of Great
Britain.
Firing at Camp Perry, Ohio, on
September 5, the American shooters
turned in a score of 7872 out of a
possible 8000. The British team,
which fired its scores in England a
week later, made 7838, losing the
famous trophy to the United States
for the sixteenth time since the
match was started in 1909. The
British have won it only three times.
