# EDUCATION RESEARCH
## 
### 
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears of the school of
education is spending his annual
quarter off at home where he is
doing research work in this field.
Dr. Sears was acting dean of the
school of education last year during
the absence of Dr. Cubberley.
Lightning caused the clock of
Postmaster Hal M. Ricketts at Cov
ington, Ky., to run backwards.
