# Stanford Grad Joins Faculty
## 
### 
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
The Graduate School of Business
has added Professor David E. Fa
ville to its faculty this quarter.
Faville has been Dean of the School
of Business Administration and Di
rector of Business Research at the
University of Oregon since 1928. He
graduated with distinction from
Stanford in 1922 and received his
M.B.A. from Harvard in 1925.
Enrolment in the school of busi
ness is up to the usual number this
year and the second year class is
fifty per cent larger than ever be
fore. Eight new courses have been
fedded to the second-year course of
study. They are for the benefit of
those students who are able to do
specialized work as the result of
undergraduate training.
