# Roth Administers Utah Estate For University
## 
### 
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
Comptroller Almon E. Roth left
Wednesday for Salt Lake City where
he will represent Stanford in the
administering of the Newell estate,
from which the University will re
ceive approximately a quarter of a
million dollars for scholarships.
