# Nestoria Discusses Carnot Question.
## 
### 
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
Whether or not the employees of the
government of France should be de
barred from unionizing was the ques
tion before Nestoria last night. This
phase of the Carnot question, "The
Relation of the French Government to
the Labor Problem," was announced
as the subject for debate at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon so as to give the five
men, who have signified their inten
tion of contesting for places on the
Carnot team an idea of the conditions
which they will face Friday evening,
when the tryout will be held in the
Chapel. R. J. Miller, '11, G. Holcomb,
'11, and M. B. Henshaw, '12, argued on
the affirmative side of the question and
F. H. Hilton, '11, and E. E. Tincher,
'12, maintained that the French federal
employees should be allowed to pro
tect their interests by unionizing.
