# 1908 "Quad" Contract Let.
## 
### 
The contract for llie 1908 "Quad"
lias been let to the Stanley-Taylor
Publishing Company, of San Fran
cisco. This firm published the 1907
year-book as well as several forme 1
issues of the annual. W. C. Theile,
the manager of this year's book, re
ports that only about one-third of the
"Quad" assessments have been paid,
and states that it is imperative that
those still outstanding be paid imme
diately. The payment of the assess
ment entitles each class member tr
sit for a photograph at Davey's stu
dio, in Palo Alto. A discount of _>5
per cent will be allowed on all pic
tures which anyone may wish to have
printed.
Theile will be at the election booth
tomorrow to collect the delinquent
assessments.
