# NATIONAL CANVASS FOR ENDOWMENT TO START ON MONDAY
## 
### 
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
Nation-wide canvassing for the en
dowment will start next week, with cam
paign officials organizing outside Cali
fornia for the first time. Comptroller
Roth and Director Pierce will start on
a "swing around the circle," Roth going
south by way of Phoenix, Kansas City,
St. Louis and Washington, and Pierce
covering alumni organizations in Reno.
Salt Lake, Denver, Chicago, Detroit and
New York. The two will meet in Wash
ington June IS, and from thence each
will go back over the other's route.
The first million is expected to be
completely pledged by the time Roth and
Pierce meet in Washington June 15. In
the California campaign, money is com
ing in at the rate of al>out $25,000 a
week. With $875,000 subscribed so far,
officials hope to have a total of $900,000
of the million as California's report at
the time the regular campaign leaves the
state and enters Oregon on Monday. The
work in California will nevertheless con
tinue until all persons listed on the
alumni pledge cards have been inter
viewed.
President Wilbur will make a tour of
the northwest in the interests of the en
dowment the third week in June, stop
ping at the principal cities of Oregon,
Washington, Idaho and Montana, and
giving especial impetus to the progress
of the campaign in Portland and Seattle.
