# THIS NUMBER IS NOT A PLEDGE, BOYS JUST A TEXAS ART SCHOOL BEAUTY
## 
### 

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.

Appreciation of beauty Is the cardinal teaching of Kldd-Key
college, a fine arts school at Sherman, Texas, and the students
proved they learned their lessons well when they decided by ballot
that Margaret Walker is the most beautiful girl among them.
