# Marshal Foch Improves; Doctors Seem Optimistic
## 
### 
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
PARIS, Jan. 16. (JP) —A slight im- j
provement in the condition of Marshal
Ferdinand Foch was reported by his
doctors as (hey emerged from their
early evening consultation over the
stricken Generalissimo of the Allied
army.
