# Wranglers Will Hear Speaker on Fiction
## 
### 
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
Miss Dorothy Hoskins ,'l9. will
speak on "Modern Fiction" at the
meeting of the Wranglers, tomorrow
night, in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting will start at 7:15 sharp.
