# Inter-Church Building Planned at Washington
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.—An
inter-church building to cost about
$200,000, to be erected adjoining the
University of Washington campus is
under consideration by co-operating
religious organizations interested in
the university student life. That re
consideration and possibly a ♦recon
struction of programs for religious
education instate educational institu
tions is called for by the present for
ward movement of religion is the opin
ion of many men. Therefore the Ad
visory Board of the University of
Washington Y. M. C. A. voted unani
mously that a representative commis
sion be appointed to study the local
situation and recommend plans which
they believed to be best for meeting
the religious responsibilities of the
men at the university.
