# MATMEN WILL MEET U. C. TEAM TONIGHT
## Varsity—Freshman Matches Scheduled in Harmon Gymnasium 
### 
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
Stanford matmen clash with Cali
fornia tonight, at the Harmon gym
nasium, in the big intercollegiate
wrestling tournament of the season.
Lack of sufficient data by which to
compare the strength of the opposing
teams makes it impossible to predict
the outcome of the tournament. It is
certain, however, that in spite of a
serious handicap through lack of can
didates for the heavy-weight classes
on the Cardinal team. Coach McCul
lough of the varsity squad has been
able to turn out a creditable and ag
gressive team.
Prospects for the freshman wrest
ling aggregation seem unusually bright
inasmuch as contenders for all the
classes have turned out in large num
bers, and scarcity of material has
not marred the work of the coach.
The varsity and freshman lineups
are as follows:
Varsity—l7s-pound class, Bunds;
158-pound class, Jones; 145-pouncl
class, Erickfion; 135-pound class,
Brazil; 125-pound class, Egami.
Rreshmen —175-pouiul class, Miller;
158-pound class, Franklin; 145-pound
class. Fawcett; 135-pound class,
Kohler; 125-pound class, Hosepian.
