# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
In the student body election of De
cember 7, 1906, Harold Fitcb, '07, was
chosen editor of the"Daily Palo Alto"
for the present semester. Circum
stances beyond his control have pre
vented his return to the university
and his assumption of the editorial
position.
Fitch has won a name for himself
during his three years here, as a Stan
ford journalist and a good, live Stan
ford man. His loss will be deeply
felt in almost every branch of college
activity. The sudden ending of his
university career just as it had
reached its culmination, has deprived
him of the honors which were right
fully his, but he leaves Stanford with
the sympathy and respect of the en
tire student body.
