# Henry Finds Out Romantic Dark Secret
## 
### 
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
Dear Pa,
I just got a hold of something that
you've got to keep quiet, for it's a
deep secret. So when you read ths
missive please erase all the reading
and then burn it. Well, anyhow, here
it is. Sh! Some nite soon when even
the little fish are asleep in the beds
of the streams our Senior class is go
ing to hold a picnic. Just where
they'll go nobody knows, and 1 don't
believe they do themselves, but any
how it will be in some secret place—■
maybe somewhere on Mars. Pa. do
you remember the last picnic we went
on and how Mary got a hug down her
back and we all decided she certainly
knew the secret of the poetry of mo
tion? Well, this here picnic is goin'
to be different pa, and I just heard
one senior whisper to another that its
gona be a good deal like a game of
cards, depending for success on the
hand you hold. Another thing, pa,
this picnic is not goin' to be held on
Saturday, but on next Thursday nite,
so that it won't be a week end. I
snuck all around and couldn't find out
what time this wild frolic is goin' a
be staged, but I got lots of hunches.
Just about the time that the liquid
notes of night pounce on the land and
twilight faint and cool and sweet is
gradually displaced by the amber rays
of the golden moon, this frolicsome
class of '19 will steal away to the
sylvan wilds, where they can be
alone with their momentous tliots.
Pa, personally I, would have liked to
see this perfect duck of a a picnic
pulled off on some night when the
moon was reduced to its last quarter
and then every one could be in har
mony, but the rest of the bunch want
ed it pulled off on some nite when the
moon was full, to give it at least one
more chance before July Ist. Well,
anyway, pa, don .. even tell this to ma,
for you know how women are with a
secret, and the Seniors would be liop
pin' mad if some roughs should find
out about this picnic and should come
trailing along. Now, pa, with the syl
van grace born of long practice I con
template retiring, Your dear son,
HENRY.
