# In the Navy Now
## 
### 
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
Tagging along with the grey, steel
hulks of the U.S. battle fleet which
noses out of tlie Golden Gate today
will be the Navy's new pride and
joy, the dirigible Macon, for bap
lism in war maneuvers this week oil
the coast.
