# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
Miss G. M. Henry, Stanford, '06. was
married on Sept. 1(1 to T. Neville, a
business man of Monrovia. The young
couple will make their home in that
town after Nov. 1.
