# PING PONG DEADLINE SET
## 
### 
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
Chuck Taylor, intramural di
rector. announced yesterday that
all first-round ping pong matches
must he played without fail by
this Snday, Feb. 1.
