# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
Delicious
ICECREAM
and
SHERBETS
Made before your eyes in the
latest Electric Freezer from
fresh dairy products,
shipped daily
•
35c per quart
20c per pint
Milk Shakes 10c
Malted Milk 15c
THICK AS YOU LIKE
•
Delicious fiome-cooked
BREAKFAST, LUNCH
DINNER
Open 7 A.M. to 12 P.M.
LEIGHTON'S
CREAMERY
262 University Ave.
