# PITT LEADER
## 
### 

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.

Captain Paul Reidcr of Pittsburgh
didn't get a crack at Stanford Sat-"
urday, but bis eleven did pretty
well without him, thank you. In
juries which kept him on the bench
will heal before the Panthers go to
the Rose Bowl, if they do.
