# The 						Latest!
## 
### 

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)

The latest thing for the feminine
tennis player is displayed by Sally
Eilers —but it's recommended for
southern climes only during winter
months. (Associated Press Photo)
