# JOURNALISTIC WRITING PAYS PSYCHIC INCOME ONLY, SAYS HOPKINS
## 
### 
"There is nothnig that brings a
bigger psychic income and less money
than newspaper writing," said Ernest
P. Hopkins, of the San Francisco
Examiner and a former Stanford stu
dent, who with William H. Leiser,
spoke Tuesday night on the subject,
"Stay Out of Journalism," before a
meeting of the Stanford Journalists
Club in the Press building. Leiser, a
former Daily editor, is a member of
the Examiner sports staff.
"The character of the man should
determine his entrance into journal
ism," said Leiser. "And the type of
person who stays in the newspaper
game is usually a misfit any place
else. The college student who enters
journalism should regard it as a post
graduate course and save enough
money to buy himself out anytime."
