# FORTY SCHOLARSHIPS ANNOUNCED FOR YEAR 1928-29 BY PRESIDENT
## 
### 
Forty scholarship awards for the
acadcmic year 1928-29 have been an
nounced by the President's Office
following recommendations of the
Committee 011 Scholarship. All but
one of these scholarships is for gradu
ate work.
Thirty-six of these awards are Uni
versity scholarships, thirty of which
were created in 1919 when the Board
of Trustees of the University estab
lished them and six of which were
established in 1927.
Include Many
Those receiving scholarships in
clude: Howard W. Baker, Jr., Regi
nald Bell, Rose Brecher, Francis B.
Carroll, Donald L. Cherry, Ilazen
Cooley, Barbara Dewlaney, Benjamin
C. Duniway, Miriam K. Forrester,
Douglas R. Fuller, Orval Hafen, Jo
seph B. Hill, William G. Hoover, John
B. Hurlbut, Malcolm N. Jones, Hazel
H. Kelley, Lilian E. Knowles, Clar
ence L. Lachels, Laurence H. Lazarus,
Donald G. Marquis, Donald C. Mar
shall, Nathaniel R. Morgan, Wilbur
R. Newman, John R. Nichols, Robert
E. P. Smith, Elmo N. Stevenson,
Masao M. Suraa, Carl D. Thompson,
Harris G. Warren, Edward A. White,
Sheldon K. Wirt, Ira E. Wood, Nyi
Tsung Yuh.
John H. Peck was awarded the
Anglo-California Trust Co. Scholar
ship, the only undergraduate one in
this list. In 1927 the Trust Company
established a scholarship for the pur
pose of training college men for the
banking field, with the idea that upon
graduation an opening in the Anglo-
California Trust Company will be
available for graduates who hold this
scholarship.
Harold D. Chope was awarded the
Florence Hecht Fries Scholarship, es
tablished by Mrs. Dorothy Fries Lili
enthal in 1925 in memory of her
mother, Mrs. Florence Hecht Fries,
for a student preparing for the pro
fession of medicine.
Kistler Gets Award
The John Maxson Stillman Scholar
ship, established from the Stillman
Testimonial Fund, presented to Pro
fessor John Maxson Stillman by
graduates and former students in
chemistry, and by others, on his re
tirement from active service in the
University in 1917, was awarded
Samuel S. Kistler.
Dennistoun Wood, Jr., receives the
Henry Windt, Jr., Memorial Scholar
ship, established in 1927 by Henry
and Viola Windt in memory of their
son, Henry Windt, Junior. The income
from the fund established by the
Windts is awarded annually to a stu
dents studying chemical engineering.
