# UNIVERSITY OFFICIALS PROBE WOMEN'S GYM
## 
### 
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
President Wilbur and John A. Sel
lards met in the President's office
yesterday afternoon with Helen Mas
ters Bunting and student committees
from W.A.A. and A.W.S. for the pur
pose of discussing ways and means of
obtaining a new women's gymnasium.
The University, through Dr. Wilbur,
has promised to draw up architec
tural plans and publish a booklet as
soon as estimates of the cost of the
proposed gym have been submitted by
the Stanford women, acting through
Miss Punting. Strong favor for a gym
nasium built in the form of a quad
rangle with arcades was expressed.
Recreation rooms, offices, meeting
rooms, and a swimming pool are in
cluded in the proposed plans.
