# STUDENTS MUST AVOID STRAWBERRY PATCHES
## 
### 
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
That strawberry patches on our
campus are not for Stanford students
was impressed on a few of them yes
terday as they returned tired and
work-weary from the Convalescent
Home. They were passing the straw
berry patch when a kindly Mexican
offered them the "key to strawberry
city." They went in to gather some
berries, and in the distance they
heard a gun fired. Only a passing in
terest was shown, and since no tar
fiets were in sight they continued un
concernedly to gather the fruit. But
a man came driving along, and shout
ed, "Next time this gun will be aimed
at your heads!"
It would seem that whatever tuition
fees cover, strawberries are not in
cluded.
