# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The management has been 112 mleav
oiiug to arrange it so that every sub
scriber cn the campus can get the
paper delivered 011 the day of issue.
To make this possible in Palo Alto,
ali subscribers who wish it can have
their papers sent to the drug store
there, and c«n call and get them on
the evening of publication. The
paper is usually off the shortly
after six o'clock and by sending t e
papers down in the first bus imnud
iately after publication, it is h ped
that they can be obtained in Palo
Alto .-hortly after seven o'clock.
The management has been 112 mleav
oiiug to arrange it so that every sub
scriber cn the campus can get the
paper delivered 011 the day of issue.
To make this possible in Palo Alto,
ali subscribers who wish it can have
their papers sent to the drug store
there, and c«n call and get them on
the evening of publication. The
paper is usually off the shortly
after six o'clock and by sending t e
papers down in the first bus imnud
iately after publication, it is h ped
that they can be obtained in Palo
Alto .-hortly after seven o'clock.
The management has been 112 mleav
oiiug to arrange it so that every sub
scriber cn the campus can get the
paper delivered 011 the day of issue.
To make this possible in Palo Alto,
ali subscribers who wish it can have
their papers sent to the drug store
there, and c«n call and get them on
the evening of publication. The
paper is usually off the shortly
after six o'clock and by sending t e
papers down in the first bus imnud
iately after publication, it is h ped
that they can be obtained in Palo
Alto .-hortly after seven o'clock.
