# TRANSFER CREDIT FORMS
## 
### 
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
Petitions for evaluation of trans
fer credit must be filed before Oct.
24 by old returning students and
those who wish credit for military
service and training. Forms are
available at the information desk of
the Registrar's office, Room 111-A.
