# Postoffice Shake-Up Announced.
## 
### 
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
Washington, Oct. 6.—The postmaster
general announced today that it is
planned to reorganize the staffs in a
score of large cities. Cleveland will
be the first city to be affected by the
shake-up. It is planned to take from
postmasters all except executive func
tions, and to put experienced men in
charge of handling the mails.
