# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


ORGANIC OPTIONS
Restauranteur approaches food with
health and the environment in mind.
FEATURES/3

MOVING ON
The No. 4 Stanford softball team
advances to the Super Regionals.
SPORTS/9


