# 'April Fool' To Be Theme Of Spring Quarter Dance
## 
### 
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
April Fool is the theme of the
spring quarter registration dance to
be held on April 1 in the Women's
Gym. Dancing will begin promptly
at 9 o'clock to the music-of Ernie
Hecksher's band. Admission is SI.OO
per couple, and tickets will be sold
on the Quad on Registration Day and
at the door of the Gym that night.
Adrienne Johnston is in charge of
the committee for the dance. Her
committee, composed of Y.W.C.A.
members, consists of the following
women: Helen Grover, Ruth Goodan,
Lee Stearns, and Peggy Woodard.
