# STATE QUIZZES LAMSON DOCTOR
## 
### 
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
SAN JOSE, Calif., March 5 (/Pi-
Medical testimony bearing on the
much-disputed question of whether
Mrs. Allene Thorpe Lam.son met her
death by blows from an iron pipe or
an accidental fall in her bathtub
filled the entire session of the David
Lamson murder trial in superior
court here today.
Dr. M'lf°n Saier of Palo Alto, who
performed the autopsy on the body
of Mrs. Lamson following her death
nearly two years ago, was on the
stand all day for cross-examination
by Edwin V. McKenzie, chief de
fense council, and redirect examina
tion by Deputy Prosecutor Herbert
Bridges.
The state contends Lamson killed
his attractive young wife by bludg
eoning her over the head with a
length of pipe later found in their
yard. The defense is proceeding on
the theory she slipped and frac
tured her skull while bathing.
