# TENNIS MEN BACK FROM SOUTH.
## Stanford Team in Makes a Good Showing at Ojai Valley Tennis Tournament. 
### 
H. Mann, '10, H. S. Morgan, '12, and
R. L. Murray, '13, returned to the
campus last night after a five days'
trip to the Ojai Valley tennis tourna
ment. The players made an excellent
showing against the Southern Califor
nia cracks and Morgan succeeded in
taking the veteran Nat Browne into
camp. In the doubles Morgan and
Mann, and Murray and Young, of Pas
adena, reached the semi-final round.
The men say they had a fine trip and
were royaly treated by the Ojai Tennis
Club. Besides obtaining invaluable
practice the men received assurance
from several of the most promising
players in the south that they were
planning on coming to Stanford in the
near future.
