# Br. Leavitt Occupies Pulpit.
## 
### 
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, of the First
Unitarian Church of San Francisco, oc
cupied the pulpit in the chapel yester
day morning. Br. Leavitt spoke of the
punishment that the Bible promises
wrongdoers, but thought that the
greater part of the punishment comes
in this world and not in the world to
come. He said that although many
people think that the advancement of
science has hurt religion it is not
true and that nothing has helped re
ligion more than the progress of
science and education.
