# Letters To The Editor
## Drama Department's Program Needs Support 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
Editor, The Daily:
Yesterday's editorial <>n "the
death ol' student drama' portrayed
a Stanford department aggran
dizing it self at the expense of
Stanford students. This is an ab
solutely unfair portrayal. I as
sume that Mr. Jacobs has never
reviewed a production before he

has seen it. At least not until now.
It is absolutely unfair to attack
a department which is sincerely
trying to improve its curriculum,
and to launch the attack and the
dire prophecies long before the
program has been given a fail
chance to operate. Mr. Jacobs ap
parently feels that the statements
of intentions and the provisions
made to cover some of the prob
lems he accurately defines are
merely clever smokescreens to
hide base motives of "creeping
professionalism." I do not.
In lamenting the limitation of
Ram's Head productions, he fails
to mention the drain on drama de
partment personnel and resources,
including construction shop space,
which such productions have de
manded. In pointing out Ram's
Head's rehearsal problems, he re
mains unaware of the Stanford
Player' difficulties in rehearsing
next door to massive musicals: try
playing the third act of Rosmer
sholm to the tender strains of
"I've Got the Horse Right Here."
It has been repeatedly stated
that major productions will not be
off limits to undergraduates; they
will simply be cast with the best
persons available, no matter what
their status. The major consider
ation in planning the program and
in recruiting the company has
been to provide students who have
a genuine interest in drama an
opportunity of working with the
persons from whom they can learn
the most. Of course, gaining ex
perience is a problem, and Mr.
Jacobs disposes of the proposed
undergraduate Nitery productions
by stating that because of the
poor facilities "the experience one
can gain there is minimal at
best."
I believe that my personal ex
perience in acting and directing
there has been somewhat more
valuable than he thinks. Granted,
the Nitery is not much of a the
atre. The department's facilities
are not adequate to its present
needs, let alone the future, and so
someone is bound to suffer.
There has been long and con
stant pressure on the administra
tion for a new theatre building
and improved facilities. But it is
very difficult to remove a con
ception of college drama as an
undergraduate "extra-curricular
activity" or as a barrel of dust.
It should be something else,
something worth spending money
on. We should be thankful for
having at Stanford one of the few
drama departments in the country
which has realized that fact and
is doing something about it. Give
it a chance, and if pressure must
be pui, put it where it will help.
CONKA!) BISHOP
