# Nina Improves
## 
### 

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.

NINA WARREN—The Governor's
daughter is reported to be in good
condition alter she suffered a
polio attack on the eve of her fa
ther's election. Doctors said they
hoped that the disease had passed
(he crisis point.
