# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab

BULL'S-EYE PASS —Gary Kerkorian's throw is caught by Boyd Benson on the five in the second
quarter of the USC game. Benson was pushed back to the seven where the referee placed the
ball. On the next play, Meyers lateraled to Hugasian on the five, and Harry went over, but the
referee said the ball was dead before the lateral.—Daily photo by Jerry Schwab
