# Intramural Football Scores
## 
### 
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
Yesterday’s intramural football
action in four games was exciting
with two games decided by a total
of three points.
Toro bested Quadro by a score

of 13-12, while Soto defeated
Trancos 8-6.
In other game's Phi Kap II heal
Breakers II 22-0 and Burbank
edged Muir 13-7.
