# SOVIETS SPIKE RUMOR TO HALT GRAIN EXPORTS
## German, French Embassies Announce Clash Over Truth Of Report TORONTO REPORT HIT U.S. Grain Trade Boom Is Seen If Russ Halt Made 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. (A 3 ) — The
Soviet embassy flatly denied to
day a published report that
Russia would export no more
wheat this year or next year.
While admitting that the qual
ity and quantity of the Russian
crop was under average, offi
cials said, "Russian wheat is
sufficient for internal demand
and some export."
Brokers estimated that Rus
sian grain exports had dropped
from 4,000,000 bushels a week to
2.000.000 bushels last week.
