# FIJIS DEFEAT BETAS IN INTRAMURAL GOLF
## 
### 
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
Semi-finals in the intramural golf
tourney were played yesterday af
ternoon at the Stanford golf course
with the Fijis defeating the Betas
6 and 2 and the Delta Chi's the Phi
Psi's 3 and 2.
Finals will be played this after
noon. Jack Hoerner and Bill Hunt
ing will represent the Fijis, and
Paul Hoagland and Dick Paxton will
defend for the Delta Chi's.
