# CURB MEXICAN GAMING
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2. (/»')—'The
confederated chambers of commerce
of the republic appointed a com
mission today to ask the aid of
President Ortiz Rubio in closing
gambling houses along the Ameri
can border, alleging they damage
business.
