# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
WANTED—3O ushers for the play,
"Oedipus Rex." Report at 7:30
Thursday night at Assembly hall.
TUTOR in FRENCH, SPANISH and
ITALIAN; special rates to summer
students. H. Carpentier, 156 Uni
versity Ave. Room 11.
PIANO BARGAINS—We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept.,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
THESES TYPED —Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 65, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
