# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The members of the Senior Class
should look upon it as a great favor
on the part of the committee in
charge of the Alumni Register to
arrange for the insertion of their
names and addresses in that hook.
The (Mass of '99 would have been
very unfortunate indeed if a direc
tory of Stanford alumni had been
published just a few weeks before
its graduation and left out the
names of those so soon to join the
alumni ranks. The committee
should be shown that its thought
fulness is appreciated by the Sen
iors. A prompt response with the
desired information will facilitate
the work of collecting the data for
publication. Every Senior should
attend to his part of this work at
once.
