# Berkeley Note.
## 
### 
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
—At a meeting of the board of
regents yesterday, the choice of a
new president was postponed for
future action, and President Kellogg
was requested to remain in his
present capacity for the remainder
of this semester.
