# Scholarship Report Shows Two Per Cent Are Disqualified
## 
### 
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
Scholarship returns for the winter
quarter give 48 dismissed from further
registration, 30 on first failure, and
245 on probation. The number dis
missed is about 2 per cent of the Uni
versity as compared with 6 per cent
dismissed at the University of Cali
fornia. Those on probation number
almost the same as for the autumn
quarter, while the number flunked out
is much lower, but Chairman Whittier
of the Scholarship Committee says
this is not a fair comparison as the
Faculty axe always falls harder in the
autumn and spring quarters.
