# Miles Cloney, '22, Dies In Peninsula Hospital
## 
### 
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
Miles E. Cloney, '22, died Saturday
night in the Peninsula Hospital, fol
lowing complications that set in after
an operation for appendicitis. Cloney
was taken sick last week and operated
on. Internal hemorhhage developed
causing a stoppage in the heart. Clo
ney was registered in the Medical de
partment and had just completed his
pre-medical work preparatory to en
tering the straight medicine course.
He was registered from Eureka, Cali
fornia.
