# HONOR SYSTEM WILL BE INSTALLED FOR NEXT EXAMINATIONS
## 
### 
About 1,750 signatures to pledges for
the adoption of an honor system at
Stanford have been received by the
committee working out the plan, ac
cording to an announcement made this
morning by President F. L. McElroy.
These signatures will be classified and
sent to the heads of the various de
partments, who will then authorize the
installation of the system.
The system will probably be in opera
tion for the next examinations in all
departments of the University. Pro
fessors and instructors in many courses
conducted their final examinations last
quarter in accordance with the plan.
Several of them have announced that
in courscs where cheating was previously
known to have existed there was no
evidence of unfair play during the last
examination period.
