# BLUE AND GOLD NINE WINS FROM OLYMPICS
## 
### 
The Blue and Gold baseball nine
buried the Olympic ball-tossers under a
12 to 4 score on the Berkeley diamond
last Saturday afternoon. The contest
was an eyen break in the first frames,
but in the seventh and eighth the club
men blew up and let the California boys
run wild. Williams and Hox worked on
the mound for the Olympics and they
were found for 10 hits. O'Neil and
Smith formed the Blue and Gold bat
tery.
Coach Zamlock has a heavy hitting

team this year if results of preliminary
games count for anything. I.ast Wednes
day the Bruin nine went into the fray
with St. Mary's on the short end of the
odds, but they slugged their way to a
13 to 3 victory over the Saints. St
Mary's could not seem to get started,
while California knocked the offerings
of Schnell to all corners of the lot.
