# International Chess.
## 
### 
The ollicial acceptance of the
challenge sent by Harvard, Yale,
Princeton, and Columbia fora chess
match by cable has been received
from Oxford University. The Eng
lishmen consider six men on a side
sufficient, and suggest April 20 as
the date of the match. They fur
ther suggest that no player shall be
eligible for more than five years
from the date of his matriculation
as a mean between the qualifications
for English and American intercol
legiate chess matches. This tour
nament is to be held under the
patronage of the Manhattan Chess
Club. —Crimson.
The ollicial acceptance of the
challenge sent by Harvard, Yale,
Princeton, and Columbia fora chess
match by cable has been received
from Oxford University. The Eng
lishmen consider six men on a side
sufficient, and suggest April 20 as
the date of the match. They fur
ther suggest that no player shall be
eligible for more than five years
from the date of his matriculation
as a mean between the qualifications
for English and American intercol
legiate chess matches. This tour
nament is to be held under the
patronage of the Manhattan Chess
Club. —Crimson.
The ollicial acceptance of the
challenge sent by Harvard, Yale,
Princeton, and Columbia fora chess
match by cable has been received
from Oxford University. The Eng
lishmen consider six men on a side
sufficient, and suggest April 20 as
the date of the match. They fur
ther suggest that no player shall be
eligible for more than five years
from the date of his matriculation
as a mean between the qualifications
for English and American intercol
legiate chess matches. This tour
nament is to be held under the
patronage of the Manhattan Chess
Club. —Crimson.
The ollicial acceptance of the
challenge sent by Harvard, Yale,
Princeton, and Columbia fora chess
match by cable has been received
from Oxford University. The Eng
lishmen consider six men on a side
sufficient, and suggest April 20 as
the date of the match. They fur
ther suggest that no player shall be
eligible for more than five years
from the date of his matriculation
as a mean between the qualifications
for English and American intercol
legiate chess matches. This tour
nament is to be held under the
patronage of the Manhattan Chess
Club. —Crimson.
The ollicial acceptance of the
challenge sent by Harvard, Yale,
Princeton, and Columbia fora chess
match by cable has been received
from Oxford University. The Eng
lishmen consider six men on a side
sufficient, and suggest April 20 as
the date of the match. They fur
ther suggest that no player shall be
eligible for more than five years
from the date of his matriculation
as a mean between the qualifications
for English and American intercol
legiate chess matches. This tour
nament is to be held under the
patronage of the Manhattan Chess
Club. —Crimson.
