# CLEAN-CUT, BUT..
## Frosh Track Edged 
### JIM WHITEHEAD 
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
A group of clean-cut All-Am
erican boys represented the
frosh track team at Berkeley
Saturday. They lost their first
meet this year by five points.
True, some of thern performed

like Ail-Americans. Peter Boyce
high jumped 6'l0 x ,4" to estab
lish a new meet record, and Tom
Kommers equalled the meet rec
ord with a 14.7 in the high hur
dles.
A 1 Sanford, in a losing effort,
managed a 4:12.6 in the mile, a
personal best and only two sec
onds off Paul Schlicke's frosh
record. A 1 bounced back in the
two mile to beat Cal's Byers and
Stanford teammate Bob Anchon
do.
Cal's margin of victory was
one-tenth of a second in the mile
relay, last event of the day.
Frosh sprint star Pat Morrison,
who would have easily won the
100 and 220 (both of which Cal
won), did not compete.
