# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
New Fall
FABRICS
BUNNY CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Black and white,
navy and white, brown and white.
$1.00 Yd.
FIG CREPE
39-inch. Washable. Navy brown,
Alice, green.
$1.00 Yd.
WOOLENS
54-inch. In wine silvertone, brown
silvertone, green silvertone, and
navy silvertone.
Special, $1.95 Yd.
\X/alster f 's
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
