# Report of Mustard Seed Gas Amuses
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
LONDON, Oct. 21 (A').—Reports I
from Copenhagen that 2,000,000 kilo
grams of mustard seed had been
shipped to Italy "to be used in mak
ing poison gas", created amusement
today among chemists and officials
| of industrial chemical firms.
An official of a leading chemical I
firm admitted mustard is for making
condiments for gourmets with a pal
ate for hot things, but not for mus
tard gas, whose base is sulphite.
