# JOLLY-UP SLATED
## 
### 
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
Hallowe'en settings will be the
background in a jolly-up to bo given
by the Class of '37 in the women's
gym Thursday, October 31. Special
features, some of them new to jolly
ups, are promised for this affair by
Jim Reynolds, junior president.
