# 'Y' Sophomores Go On Hayride Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight from 5 till 7 o'clock the
sophomore club of the Y.W.C.A. is
giving its hay-ride for the sopho
more women. Those attending are
to meet back of the post office at 5
o'clock and will be back by 7, in
stead of the time previously an
nounced.
Jackie Brown is in charge of the
affair, assisted by Barbara Paine,
Dulce Parker, and Betty Hellyer.
The "Y" will provide coffee and
marshmallows, but the girls are to
bring the rest of their supper and a
wire coat hanger to use as a toasting
fork. As yet the destination of the
group has not been divulged, but it
is somewhere back of the campus.
Hayracks drawn by horses will pro
vide the transportation, so slacks or
i old clothes are advisable.
