# Peace Group Plans Armistice Supper
## 
### 
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
Preparations for a short program j
and buffet supper to be held on j
Armistice Day for members of the 1
various organizations represented in
the International Committee and for
foreign students on the campus was j
made at a meeting of the A.S.S.U. I
International Committee yesterday. J
The occasion is being sponsored by
this committee, with Wilma Baker
and Henry Tani in charge.
That Stanford's quota of delegates ;
to the tenth annual conference of the
Student Institute of Pacific Relations
during the Thanksgiving holidays
would be 20 students, was also an
nounced at the meeting. This gath- i
ering is to take place at Prescott's
Inn near Santa Cruz for a four-day ,
session at a cost of $8 per person, j
Applications are obtainable from
members of the International Com
mittee.
