# Special Cars Chartered To Seattle
## 
### 
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
Special cars on the Cascade
Limited will transport Stan
fordites to Seattle for the foot
ball game with the Huskies this
week-end. According to J. H.
Larkey, Southern Pacific agent,
the student rate for a round
trip ticket to Seattle from Palo
Alto will be, without berth,
$28.40. Lower berths will be
$6.85 and uppers will bes 5.40
one way.
Students will leave from Palo
Alto Thursday afternoon at 4:26
p.m. The Cascade Limited will
arrive in Seattle Friday eve
ning at 9:20 p.m. The football
team will stay at the Olympic
Hotel. Students will leave Se
attle Saturday night at 11:30,
arriving in Palo Alto at noon
Monday.
