# GAIETIES TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
Tryoutees for the Gaieties chorus
will meet today in the Women's
Clubhouse from 3 to 5 o'clock at
730 o'clock. Ram's Head urges all
women interested to attend.
