# HADDOCK AUTHORITY ON ENGLISH BALLAD
## 
### 
G. Martson Haddock, who is sched
uled on the next of the Tuesday eve
ning recitals, is well known for his
study and interest of old English folk
songs and ballads. For three years he

studied voice production, .singing, and
interpretation with Charles Neville,
principal tenor of the Carl Rosa and
Denhof Opera Companies. He has had
special lessons from some of the great
est singers of the day, including Sir
Charles Santley, Ben Davies, Plunkett
Green, Agnes Nicholls, and Robert Rad
ford. On advice of the latter he spe
cialized in London under Thomas Meux.
Turning his attention tg the kindred
art of voice production for speech
training, elocution, and acting, he has
worked under such masters as James
Bernard, F. Owen Chambers, Sidney
Russel, and Sir Frank and Lady Ben
son.
Appointed vice-principal of the Leeds
College of Music, England, in 1923, he
held this position until 1926, when he
was appointed principal, which position
he still holds. Making his home in Cali
fornia, he returns to Leeds for three
months of each year.

