# Phi Beta kappa Honors Athletes
## 
### 
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
Three athletes are among the
84 seniors elected into Phi Beta
Kappa, according to Professor
Thomas Barclay, chapter secre
tary.
Chosen for outstanding schol
arship are Ben Heirs. JV basket
ball player and volleyball team
member; Roger Keesing, varsity
tennis star, and Ron Wagner, win
ner of three basketball letters.
