# Foreign Students May Get Permits
## 
### 
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
All foreign students who are
required to renew their Permis
sions of Temporary Stay before
September 15 are asked to secure
necessary documents at the For
eign Student Adviser's office be
fore June 1. according to Foreign
Student Adviser Werner Warm
brunn.
