# Bonnheim Winner to Be Chosen Tonight
## Binkley, Holland, Goldberg, and Kimber Fight for Final Oratorical Honors 
### 
Discussion for winners of the Bonn
heim dissertations will he held in the
Little Theater tonight, at 8 o'clock.
The debate is open to the public, no
charge being made. The question for
the argument is "Ethics of the Indian
Policy of the United States Govern
ment."
Robert Binkley, '20, ,T. C. Holland,
*17, Edward Goldberg, '17, and .T. E.
Kimber, '17, are the men from whom
the final winner of the Bonnheim con
tost will be chosen. They submitted
the four best papers from the disser
tations last semester. In the past a
prize has been given to the best
speaker, but since the death of Mr.
Bonnheim this winter, the money for
this prize has not been appropriated.
The judges lor the discussions to
night will include Registrar O. L. El
liot and Assistant Professor E. E. Rob
inson of the History department.
