# IM Summer Sports
## 
### 
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
Signups continue through
Monday, June 27 for in
tramurals open to the Stan
ford community. Lists and
information are available in
Encina Gym, room 305.
