# GYMNASTS
## 
### 
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
There will be an important
meeting for all aspiring gym
nasts in the gymnasts' workout
room of Encina Gym today at
3:15. Coach Dan Millman asks
all those interested in partici
pating in Stanford's gymnastics
program to attend.
