# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
WHEN DOWN
IN PALY
Time off from hum-drum
shopping for a few happy
moments "just looking"
at all the interesting
new things at
tfal m
FIN ISHI/NV
—
