# Sale of Chappie's Big Game Number Starts Tomorrow
## 
### 
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
Early risers will have the edge when
the long-awaited Big Game number of
Chappie goes on sale for the regular
price of 30 cents at the Engineering
and English corners at 7:45 tomorrow.
James Swiunerton has extended him
self in painting the ultra-striking
cover, and campus artists and humor
ists have given their best in order
that the Big Game number might
represent Stanford wit at its best —
the same wit wliich gave Chappie the
cup awarded by Judge to the best col
lege comic in America.
Mail applications already indicate
that the 300 copies reserved for the
Quad sale will be snapped up quickly.
None will be sold on the campus after
2 o'clock.
