# NOTICE
## 
### 
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
Quad photographic proofs may be
returned to the Quad office upstairs
in the Administration building next
Monday afternoon.
