# NO SMOKING ON QUAD
## 
### 
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
One of Stanford's oldest tradi
tions is that of "No Smoking on
Quad.'' Instituted at the request
of Mrs. Stanford a few days after
the opening of the University, the
tradition has always been observed
for this reason, and for the more
practical reason of cleanliness on
Quad.
