# Grid Roundup
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Washington State Cougar grid re
serves went through furious scrim
mages today as GO aspirants for the
State 28-man traveling squad for
Saturday's game with Washington
at Seattle vied to catch Coach Phil
Sorboe's eye and a chance at the
trip.
The Cougars, one of the two major
unbeaten grid aggregations in the
West, came through last Saturday's
game almost without injuries.
