# WAR BOARD MEETING
## 
### 
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
W.A.A. Board will meet this af
ternoon at 5 in the board room of
the women's gym, according to Al
ice Lovett, W.A.A. president.
