# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.

ALWAYS SOME SEX—Not exactly a porno star — but glamorous
nonetheless — Carole Wells plays a Broadway showgirl in
"F\inny Lady"... In "Defiance" Jean Jennings wears a lot less.
