# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
The University of Oklahoma has
conferred but three LL.D. degrees in
its thirty-five years of existence.
