# MEN'S COUNCIL TO ENFORCE 20 MILE SPEED REGULATION
## ACTION BASED ON LAW District Attorney Confirms Judge Maxwell's Rule In Recent Case 
### 
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
The twenty-mile per hour speed
limit set for all vehicles on the cam
pus will be backed by the Men's Coun
cil, according to a statement made by
Fred Wool, chairman of the Council.
Wool said, "The council will base its
action upon the state law as enforced
by the motorcycle officer on duty 011
the campus."
Corroboration of the twenty-mile
limit as announced in the December 2
issue of the Daily was received by
phone from Assistant District Attor
ney Herbert S. Bridges at San Jose,
who said, "The sections in the Sta
tutes and Amendments to the Codes
of California for 1927 as referred to
by Judge E. L. Maxwell in the Nei
kirk vs. People case apply to the
Stanford campus. The rate of speed
011 all campus roads is by law twenty
miles per hour."
