# Soccer Pictures Will Be Taken Monday Afternoon
## 
### 
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
Quad pictures of the varsity and
freshman soccer squads will be re
taken at 3:30 o'clock Monday after
noon. All men are expected to be on
the field in their uniforms at this
time.
