# BASKETBALL COACHES, OFFICIALS WILL MEET FOR RULE DISCUSSION
## 
### 
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
Peninsula and coast county basket
ball coaches and officials will meet
at Encina Gym at 7:45 o'clock to
morrow night for a discussion and
interpretation of the new rules. A
demonstration of the new rules will
be given by four members of the bas
ketball class.
About twenty-five are expected to
be present at the meeting and any
intramural managers, basketball
players, members of the varsity or
freshman squads, who are interested,
may attend.
