# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
Only 813 out of 2,849 Oregon students
depend upon their parents for entire sup
port.
