# EUPHRONIA TO MEET MILLS COLLEGE TRIO IN FORENSIC CONTEST
## 
### 
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
Euphronia, men's debating society,
will hold its final and most important
meeting of the quarter tomorrow eve
ning in the Old Union lobby at 7:45
o'clock. The feature of the meeting
will be the debate between the Eu
phronia and Mills College debating
teams on the subject, "Resolved, That
it is right to break unjust laws."
Lewis Baer, John Cranston, and
Wagner d'Alessio will support the af
firmative for Euphronia, while Jen
gelle Wilmont, Dorothy O'Farrell'
and Bertha Scliwabacher will present
the negative case for Mills. The Oak
land representatives will be enter
tained at dinner at Roble before the
debate. Robert Littler, former varsity
debater and now Acting Instructor of
Public Speaking, will preside at the
meeting.
