# RESEARCH CLUB WILL HEAR PAPERS TONIGHT
## 
### 
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
"Are Stock Dividends Income to the
Shareholders?" and "Earthquake Geo
logy" are the titles of the two papers
which will be read tonight at the
regular meeting of the Faculty Re
search Club at 7:30 pjclock in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
Professor A. C. Whitaker of the
Economics department, and Professor
Bailey Willis, emeritus, of the Geo
logy department, respectively, will
present these papers. Discussion will
follow the readings.
