# START SALE TODAY OF PASADENA TILT ROOTERS' TICKETS
## 
### 
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets at the price of $1.50 for
the Pittsburgh-Stanford game
beginning at 8 o'clock today and
tomorrow in the Old Union. Stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented. The offices close at 5
Tickets are absolutely non
transferable, announces the tick
et department. Students will be
asked to sign the stubs when
the ticket department. Students
will be asked to sign the stubs
when the seats are bought, and
each ticket will be validated at
the gate on January 2. Arrange
ments will be made so that no
delay will occur in the valida
tion, and students will not be
detained from entering the Rose
Bowl.
Plenty of rooters' seats are
available now but none will be
sold after 5 o'clock tomorrow.
All remaining tickets will be
sent to the Pasadena offices, and
put on sale in the regular five
dollar section.
