# Dr. Clampett to Speak.
## 
### 
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
Dr. Fred W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church, will
address the Christian Association
meeting next Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock, in the chapel. His
talk will be on "The Riches in the
Bible."
