# Juniors and Sophomores Win.
## 
### 
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
Wednesday's interclass basketball
games resulted in a 26-21 victory for
the Juniors over the Seniors, and in a
26-4 win for the Sophomores from the
Freshmen.
