# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
Ira B. Cross, assistant profes
sor of Economics, lectures on
"San Qnentin Prison" at H
o'clock this evening in the
Chapel. A large number of in
teresting slides showing views
in the penitentiary will be used
by the speaker to illustrate his
address.. This will be the last
lecture of the series.
