# VOLUMES ON WORLD PEACE DISPLAYED AT STANFORD BOOKSTORE
## 
### 
In recognition of Memorial Day, and
of the general interest on interna
tional relations, the Stanford Book
store lias on display a collection of
recent books on the problem of world
peace, including "The Politics of
Peace," by Charles E. Martin, which
is in the series of Stanford Books in
World Politics. Kathleen Norris char
acterized this book as one of the
authentic books on the last war in
her talk before the Stanford Mothers'
Club last week. '
The display includes "Between War
and Peace," by Florence Boeckel, pub
lished by MacMilian's, and "Latin
America and the United States," by
Graham H. Stuart, of the Stanford
faculty.
Seven books in the display from the
Stanford University Press include:
"Japan and the United States," by
I*ayson J. Treat; "International Arbi
tration from Athens to Locarno," by
Jackson H. Ralston; "Education for
World-Citizenship," by William G.
Carr; "Law and Procedure of Inter
national Tribunals," also by Ralston;
"The Public International Confer
ence," by Norman L. Hill; "The Wash
ington Conference and After," by
Yamato Ichihashi; and "The Politics
of Peace."
