# Women Hold Class Teas Tomorrow
## 
### 
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
Class teas for sophs, juniors, and
seniors will be held in the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow from 4 to 5:30
o'clock. The teas, sponsored by
Women's Conference, are held an
nually for promotion of campus good
will.
Sophs will be entertained on the
lower floor; juniors in the reading
room of the second floor; and seniors
in the alumni room. Chairmen are
Esther Peltoti, Cynthia Coonley, and
Pat Skinner.
