# FARM LOOKS ON....
## 
### 
Leaders of Britain's Labor Party
last night asked Prime Minister
Stanley Baldwin to call Parliament
for an immediate session on the
Spanish neutrality situation. Labor
ites thus sided with Russian repre
sentatives, who were irked by what
they called the "tortoise-like" pace
of the neutrality committee.
Chancellor Adolph Hitler yester
day promoted General Herman Wil
helm Goering to the position of his
second in command, making
him unquestionably the second
strongest figure in the Reich, by
granting him powers to carry out a
lour-year plan of economic rehabili
tation.
Secretary of the Treasury Henry
Morgenthau, Jr., yesterday denied
charges made by former President
Hoover that the Treasury had "jug
gled" the federal books.
