# MUSIC COUNCIL MEETS
## 
### 
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
Music Council will meet today at
I p.m. in the Excom room. The
change in time has been made be
cause of Thanksgiving recess.
