# CIO Plans Strike At General Motors
## 
### 
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
DETROIT. Nov. 20 (UP). — A
sweeping shutdown of the giant
General Motors Corporation was or
dered tonight by the CIO Auto
Workers' Union in a wage dispute
strike expected to begin at 8 a.m.
(local time) tomorrow.
The strike was called by the pow
erful United Automobile Workers'
Union in a showdown fight for a 30
per cenL increase in wages through
out the sprawling automotive indus
try.
Union officials did not officially
announce a time for the strike ac
tion "for strategy reasons." But the
Southgate, Cal., local of the nation's
No. 1 industrial system said it had
been notified to begin the walkout
at 8 a.m. (PST).
According to union officials, no
tices were being telephoned to all
locals by their delegates at the na
tional conference of G-M units in
Detroit.
