# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
An evening may be spoiled by
the discomfort of eye strain.
We carry a complete line of
stylish glasses for evening
wear. Have you been in our
new store?
feoCHRAN
Jeweler—Optometrist
509 EMERSON
