# SECOND EDITION OF BOOK BY PROFESSOR FISH IS PUBLISHED
## 
### 
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
Second edition of "Engineering Eco
nomics," a text and reference book by
John C. L. Fish, Professor of Railroad
Engineering at Stanford, has been
completed by the publishers, McGraw-
Hill Book Company. The reception of
this edition is indicated by the fact
that a second printing was required
within three weeks of the first.
In recognition of the first edition
published in 1915, Cornell University
awarded the Fuertes Gold Medal for
Original Research to Professor Fish.
What is believed to be the first formal
presentation of the subject was given
in 1912 in a course called "Engineer
ing Economics," by Professor Fish in
the Civil Engineering department at
Stanford.
Of the nineteen chapters of the re

cent edition, all except three or four
are new. Economic choice of structure
was the problem analyzed in the 1915
edition. In the present edition, choice
of investment is the central theme,
while the choice of structure is in
cluded as a special case.
The preface of "Engineering Eco
nomics" indicates something of the
book's scope and field: "The present
book opens with a picture of the en
gineer in the work of the world. The
picture shows that engineering knowl
edge, unlike medical and legal knowl
edge, can be converted into community
service only through the medium of
business, and that consequently the
engineer's professional success and
contribution to public welfare depend
in a great measure on his understand
ing of the business side of engineering
—of engineering economics."
