# Hitler, Mussolini Confer in Zurich
## 
### 
ZURICH, Switzerland, Jan. 19
(UP). â€”Adolf Hitler and Benito
Mussolini were believed to be in
conference today, on the basis of in
formation from informed German
quarters, but a sudden tightening of
Italian communications and strict
silence in Berlin hid details of the
reported meeting.
In Berlin, authorized quarters re
fused to confirm or deny that the
Axis partners were meeting or about
to meet.
The United Press Bureau in Zu
rich was cut off from telephone
communication with United Press
Correspodent Reynolds Packard in
Rome who reported Saturday that
Hitler and Mussolini were expected
to meet within 24 hours and might
discuss, among other things, how to
counteract the United States pro
gram of all-out aid to Britain.
