# Celebrates Birthday Today
## 
### 

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.

DR. RAY LYMAN WILBUR. (>4 years old today, above, sits quietly in
his office as he reviews 23 years as President of Stanford. During
that time, he has watched generations of Stanfordites come and go,
become Stanford men and women, seen Stanford progress through a
quarter century of academic achievement.
