# Choir Resumes Rehearsals Tonight
## 
### 
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
The University choir resumes re
hearsals tonight at 7:15 o'clock in
the choir room in preparation for
two major events on the spring
quarter calendar. The first is an
appearance at the Exposition on Sat
urday, May 27; the second is the con
cert. here with the Roth Quartet and
the Stanford String Ensemble on
Saturday, June 3.
Special note should be taken that
Mr. Nicholas Goldschmidt, assistant
conductor for the spring quarter, is
in charge of training the instru
mental section which meets on Tues
day nights. The program being pre
pared includes selections from Pur
cell's opera. "Dido and Aeneas";
also selections from Handel's dra
matic oratorio, "Solomon."
