# Thomas To Speak On 'New Problems'
## 
### 
Naming "those 'isms'" as the real
menace to the cause of liberty because
they demand that all accept their
ready-made answers to the problems
of the world and try to stifle every
opportunity for opposing views to be
heard, Dr. Frank W. Thomas, lecturer
in education at Stanford, announced
"New Problems and the Spirit of Free
dom" as his topic for his radio talk
to be broadcast over station KGO
Monday evening at 7:15.
Spokesmen for both great political
parties are championing (he cause of
liberty, and Dr. Thomas finds this an
encouraging and wholesome condition.
Dr. Thomas, head of Fresno State
College, has been on the summer fac
ulties at Stanford, University of Il
linois, University of California, Uni
versity of Hawaii, and University of
Southern California.
