# Biology Class Will Help Control Growth of Algae
## 
### 
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
Dr. L. B. Becking's class in Economic
Biology lias promised to help control
the algae growth in a private swim
ming pool at Atherton. The students
will carry on this work in connection
with their study of water supplies.
