# EXPSNSES OF COLORADO WOMEN RANGE FROM $1.87 TO $600
## 
### 
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
In a recent investigation by the dean
of women at the University of Colo
rado it was discovered that one wo
man had spent $600 for clothes during
the winter quarter; whereas another
co-ed had spent only $1.87. The inves
tigation was to determine the average
living expenses of a woman for one
quarter.

Forty mining engineers from Lehigh
University will take a 3000-mile trip
through the mining region of the
United States during the summer.
