# Promgoers May Attend Plays First
## Director Announces One-acts Will End In Time for Dance 
### 
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
Ramshead's three prize-winning
student one-act plays, which are to
be presented next Friday and Sat
urday evenings, March 10 and 11,
will be over in plenty of time for
those who intend to get to the Sen
ior From afterward, according to
Melba Rae Toombs, director.
Sets for the three plays, Art Lev
inson's "Thirty Years," Jim Stone's
'Beginning Without End," and June
Lee Dimmitt's "Angry Mountain,"
are being turned out by a crew
working day and night under Tech
nical Director Johnny Paulson. Sets
could only be begun last week, after
those for "A Night's Lodging" had
been removed from the workshop.
All three were designed by Paul
son, aided by Gene Callnon.
STAGE CREW NEEDED
The set for LeVinson's play is the
barracks of an army post. "Angry
Mountain" takes place in an inn in
the Tyrolean mountains. And "Be
ginning Without End" is played
against the background of a board
ing house room. The two complete
shifts of scenes will require a large
stage crew, and Paulson asks all
those who are interested in back
stage work, whether or not they
have had previous experience, to
contact him at the theater.
TECHNICAL STAFF
Members of the technical staffs
include Lloyd Henley, Lois Feld
heym, Bob Leps, Helen Richards,
Margaret Greenwell, Eleanor Wil
liams, Mary Lou Hieber, Pauline
Deuel, Bea Bliss, Harry Fair, Wilma
Fitts, Roger White, John Sontheim
er, Merle Meacham, Judy Spaulding,
Betty Wood, Bob Norton, and Jack
Dawson.
The cast of "Thirty Years" in
cludes Lome Samuels, Byron Carl
son, Bill Turner, Gordy Weber,
Charles Bulotti, Frank Martin. Dana
Winters, Bob Shiner, Fred Wurster,
David Jackman, Ed Rodgers, Fred
Rodgers, and Lee Williams.
CASTS NAMED
Those playing "Beginning With
out End" are Bucky Henshaw, Harry
Muheim, Hugh Hinman and Tony
Cesaretti. Music for this play was
written by Henshaw.
The following is the cast of "An
gry Mountain": Gerry Schreiber,
Barbara Thrasher, Dave Regnery,
Adolfo Arias, Jo Bobbe Inncs, John
Collins, Gloria Workman, Quentin
Warren, Marian Guyselman, Chuck
Hildebrandt, and Florence Hazlett.
Tickets arc now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union at
40 cents. Curtain time both nights
will be 8 o'clock.
