# Solons Differ On Mid-East Peace Hopes
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 <UP»
—Members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee today came
away from a top-level briefing
with mixed feelings of optimism
and pessimism over prospects for
peace in the Middle East.
Committee Chairman Walter F.
George (D-Ga.) told reporters aft
er the secret four-hour briefing:
"I'm encouraged that the prob
lem, although difficult, is one that
can be worked out and will be
worked out."
Sen. J. William Fulbright (D-
Ark.) said: "We still have no af
firmative policy ... no signs of
any new ideas. I cannot help but
believe that if we had had the
foresight we might have taken
measures to prevent this break in
the Western alliance and armed
conflict in the Middle East."
11 Briefed
Eleven of the committee's 15
members were briefed by Acting
Secretary of State Herbert Hoo
ver Jr., Director Allen W. Dulles
of the Central Intelligence Agen
cy, Adm. Arthur W. Radford,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, and Defense Mobilizer Ar
thur S. Flemming.
Sen. Alexander R. Wiley (Wis.),
ranking Republican on the com
mittee, defended the Administra
tion's foreign policy. Ho said it
is "ridiculous" to blame the Unit
ed States for the crises in the
Middle East and eastern Europe.
Didn't Learn Much
Rut Sen. Theodore F. Green
(D-R.1.), slated to become com
mittee chairman in January, said
he did not learn "very much from
the meeting." He said he does
not feel that the Middle East, situ
ation is "well in hand." He said:
"Anything may happen ... I hope
for the best."
George said the briefing fol
lowed closely that given to con
gressional leaders last Friday at
the White House. He said he was
most encouraged by reports that
United Nations Secretary-General
Dag Hammarskjold is flying per
sonally to the strife-torn Middle
East.
