# Gruenther Made Red Cross Head
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (UP)
—General Alfred M. Gruenther,
one of America's foremost sol
diers, has been named president
of the American Red, Cross, the
White House announced today.
Gruenther, an intimate of Pres
ident Eisenhower and now su
preme Allied commander in Eu
rope, will succeed Ellsworth Bun
ker, Red Cross president for the
past three years. The post pays
about $30,000 a year.
Formal selection of Gruenther,
who leaves his NATO post Nov.
20 and retires from the Army
Dec. 31, was made by the Red
Cross Board of Governors. It was
announced at the White House
because Eisenhower is honorary
chairman of the organization.
