# Pope Pius Seeks Peace with Hitler
## 
### 
VATICAN CITY, April 6 (UP).â€”
Pope Pius wants to make "an hon
orable peace" with Fuehrer Adolf
Hitler, Theodore Cardinal Innitzer
learned when he visited the Vatican
today to explain the situation of
Austrian Catholics under the Nazi
regime.
So interested was Pope Pius in the
Austrian matter that he voluntarily
broke the orders of his doctor and
devoted an hour and 15 minutes to
an audience with Cardinal Innitzer,
who was not reprimanded for the
Austrian church proclamation.
The Austriyn church head was en
lightened, however, in a paternal
tone on the diplomatic finesse em
ployed by the Holy See in such
cases as that of Austria, where the
church believes he should have de
manded further guaranties from the
Reich before telling the faithful how
to vote in the union plebiscite.
