# Theta Sigs Hold Annual Election
## 
### 
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
Phyllis White was elected presi
dent of Tlieta Sigma Phi, women's
honorary professional journalism
fraternity, at the bi-monthly meet
ing of the group held Tuesday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. She
will succeed Zan Hammond in the
office.
Other officers elected were Dolly
Hyatt, replacing Margaret Loud as
vice-president; Jean Halliburton,
following Marjorie Rosenblatt as
secretary; Eunice Emry, taking the
place of I<ee Lewis as treasurer;
and Jeanette Hill, keeper of the ar
chives replacing Sally Speers.
