# Council To Select Women Sponsors
## 
### 
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
Women's Council held its first of
several meetings yesterday after
noon to select next year's sponsors
in women's living groups.
Suggestions for sponsors are
made by the various living groups,
their directors, and by the Dean of
Women's office. These are sent to
Council, which makes the final se
lection. Biggest quota of sponsors
goes to Roble, but several are ap
pointed to take care of the new
women in both TTninn ,-mH 1 -iminitn
