# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
Mrs. Gertrude Brandt of Seattle
has announced the engagement of
her daughter Eugenia L. Brandt, a
graduate student in chemistry at
Stanford, lo James E. Boehlke, a
graduate student in ichthyology.
