# Dr. Abbott to Speak on Football.
## 
### 
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
Dr. Nathan Abbott will address
the candidates for the debating
teams on the intercollegiate ques
tion in room 2 of the Law build
ing to-morrow afternoon at 3:30.
Dr. Abbott has very pronounced
sentiments against the game of
football, and his remarks should
be of interest to the Stanford de
baters, since they intend to argue
the affirmative of the question
against California.
