# English Club to Meet.
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
The regular meeting of the Eng
lish Club will be held Wednesday
evening, March 14th, at the Pi
Beta Phi house. At this meeting
R. V. Anderson, '04, son of Pro
fessor M. B. Anderson of the Eng
lish department, who has just re
turned from a year abroad, will
speak on his travels in Japan.
