# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The plans formulated by the di
rectors of the Interscholastic Asso
ciation for the entertainment of the
preparatory school athletes, who
will he on the campus on March
24th, have been splendidly sup
ported by the men of the Univer
sity. All the fraternities have
thrown open their houses to the
visitors, and the men of Encina
Hall have unselfishly put them
selves to great personal inconveni
ence for the entertainment of the
young athletes.
Stanford hospitality has always
been proverbial in the past, and
from present indications our record
will be well sustained on March
24th. We have an opportunity to
show Stanford at its best to men
who may some day come to Stan
ford, and who will be strong and
useful members of the University
community. Let us make the
most of this opportunity and keep
up the good work which we have
already begun.
