# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
—I). W. Coolidge, '98, is the au
thor of an article entitled "Fruits
and Flowers of Pasadena" in the
February issue of the Pacific
Monthly.
