# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
"Next to myseJf I
like —"
Ask the man who wears thesa
new feather-weight
Cutaway Shorts
—cool Cr mildly supporting
50c a pair
*
Kooa Broi
Encira Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
