# CAP AND GOWN MEET
## 
### 
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
Active members of Cap and Gown,
women's honorary society, will meet
tcday in the Union at 3 o'clock to
discuss tentative plans for a tea to
be given next quarter in honor of
the new women.
