# Big Game Flashers, Salesmen Wanted
## 
### 
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
There arc a great number of hash
ing jobs for Big Game day, Mrs.
Irene Coverley, student employment
director, announced yesterday. Flow
er salesmen in women's dormitories
or sorority houses are also wanted.
A number of room and board jobs,
and room or board jobs are also
available in the employment office.
