# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
Alondra House announces ihej
engagement of Judy Thomas, '59,
to Ron Simpson, l J lii Sigma Kap
pa, '57.
