# JEFFERSON CONTEST
## 
### 
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
Robert Statler, Stanford repre
sentative in the contest which will
culminate in the winners participa
tion at the dedication of the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial in the national
capital, will present his oration
"Thomas Jefferson and the Eternal
Struggle" this afternoon in the au
ditorium of the San Francisco Jun-
College.

— m
