# Troxell to Tell 'Y' Of Union Changes
## 
### 
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
Professor John P. Troxell, di
rector of the Division of Indus
trial Relations, will speak on the
topic "Arc Labor Unions Outgrow
ing Their Original Purpose?" to
day at the YWCA Public Affairs
Discussion.
The YWCA sponsors a public
affairs discussion every Tuesday
at noon on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. An optional
lunch is served for 35 cents.
