# BEDS FILLING
## Flu Patients Set Record; Aid Needed 
### 
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
Charts in tho Health Service
offices climbed to new peaks last
night. The record of 114 patients
was topped with the admission of
a number of new cases yesterday
afternoon.
Dr. George H. Houck, director,
in explaining the meticulous rec
ords kept by the Health Service,
pointed out that there was a de
cline Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday in the number of patients
under the Service's care. "How
ever, the weekend brought up the
number of cases, and we will hit
a new high tomorrow night," he
added.
Urgent Request
Ed McDonald, chairman of the
Student Health Committee, ur
gently requested all volunteers
who would like to assist the
nurses to contact Curt Russell at
112 Stern, Carol Yap in Lagunita,
Marlyn Langheart in Moore or
himself at 610 Stern. He ex
plained volunteers would bo used
iietwcen the hours of 9 and 12
a.m., 1:45 and 4:45, and 7 and 11
p.m.
Encina will be used entirely
for men patients and the women
will take over the Isolation Hos
pital. Due to a lack of facilities
women have been requested to
report their illnesses to the
Health Center' and then return to
their dorms. The Isolation Hos
pital will be used for severe
cases.
McDonald asks all members of
(he Student Health Committee to
report to the above-named per
sons for assignment.
Bright Spot
There is a bright spot for
those who have managed to avoid
the Asian flu tho past two weeks.
"In concentrated groups of peo
ple respiratory diseases of this
type generally run for three
weeks only," said Dr. Houck.
Meanwhile, the patients them
selves, oblivious of charts and
figures, are not lacking occupa
tion. Reports from Encina indi
cate that bridge and other ne
farious forms of card play are
frequent pastimes. Sanctioned by
the nurses, radios have become
standard equipment. However,
despite such luxuries, cries of
"starvation diet" are still heard.
