# Doctor Joins Farm Faculty
## 
### 
Dr. Leon Lewis, specialist in in
ternal medicine in practice in Ber
keley, has joined the Stanford
School of Medicine faculty, Presi
dent. Wallace Sterling announced
yesterday.
Dr. Lewis will serve as assistant
clinical professor of medicine. Dur
ing 1946-50 he taught industrial
health at the School of Public
Health, University of California.
Previously he was a physician, re
search worker, and instructor at
Bellevue Hospital in New York City.
Dr. Harry A. Wilmer has been
promoted to the rank of assistant
clinical professor o" psychiatry in
the Medical School. He has been in
the private practice of neuropsy
chiatry in Palo Alto since 1952.
Dr. Wilmer first joined the Stan
ford staff in 1949. He has had teach
ing and research experience at the
University of Minnesota, Johns Hop
kins University, and the Mayo Foun
dation.
