# Choreography Class
## 
### 
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
A lecture-demonstration on the
elements composing dances will be
presented by the Choreography I
class tomorrow night in the Wom
en's Gym. The public is invited.
