# Miss Christine Ricker Returns to Stanford
## 
### 
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls at Stanford University,
has returned to the campus after a
business trip East. She attended the
Food Institute at Chicago, where she
spoke on the use of student help,
and then took part in a housing
conference at the University of Il
linois.
