# RUMOR DENIED
## 
### 
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
Herb Caen of the San Francisco
Chronicle said that Stanford had
signed a contract to televise its
conference games. However, today
A1 Masters said. "Nothing has been
signed as yet."
