# Stanford Fencers Beat Bears Again
## 
### 
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
Led by Fred Pcarman and Tom
Pockman, Stanford's fencers tied
the ail-time high-point record last
year by defeating California 17
Louts to 8 in Saturday's Big Little
Meet. The win made it three years
straight that the Indian has foiled
(he Golden Bear, and continued
Stanford's undefeated 1932 season.
Pearman, Pockman, and Captain
Andy Malozemoff of California each
won four out of five of his bouts.
However, Pearman had the after
noon's best record as he was only
touched 13 times to 14 for Tom
Pockman and 19 for Malozemoff. In
addition, Pearman was the only
Card able to beat the Bear captain.
Locke of California and Ferguson
and Criley of Stanford each won
three out of 'five matches. Captain
Leonard Pockman of Stanford won
Iv/o bouts and lost an equal num
ber, Jim Reed fencing Pockman's
lasi match. Leicester, Waffa, and
Marquis of the Olympic Club
refereed.
