# SURVIVE CUT
## 
### 
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
Tryoutees for the position of dra
matics manager for next year who
have survived the first cut are as
follows: John Parkin, Fred Shidler,
and Girvin Whitney.
