# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
Miss Mary Card, '15, captain of the
women's basketball team, yesterday af
ternoon appointed Miss Fannie Knox.
•IS. manager for the year 1914-1.".
