# Summer ASSU
## 
### 
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
The Summer Legislature of
the Associated Students seeks
persons interested in serving.
Positions are open for 2 un
dergraduate men, two under
graduate women, and one
graduate student.
Those interested in this, or
in helping plan and carry out
social activities should leave
their name with the ASSIT
Secretary as soon as possible.
