# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
SLACK SOX
I
Colorful striped cottons — 1
plaids and checks in cool
lisles—genuine imported
argyles
39c to $2
ROOA Btoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Schott, '37
