# Sebring Employed For Toyon Dance
## 
### 
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
A1 Sebring's orchestra has been
engaged to play for the Toyon-
Branner informal next Friday Oc
tober 15. Gerry Reed, well known
for her singing on the campus, will
be featured as the vocalist.
The theme of the dance has been
chosen as a freshman reception. All
first-year men from Encina are cor
dially invited to take this oppor
tunity of acquainting themselves
with life in Branner and Toyon halls.
Encina men will be admitted by
showing their door keys, while
those from Toyon and Branner will
be required to show their club mem
bership cards from the two halls.
Under the guidance of chairman
Franklin Clerk, the plans for the
affair are rapidly coming to com
pletion. A crowd of about 150
couples is expected.
