# PEIPING NOW PEKING
## 
### 
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
PEIPING, Oct. 12 (UP).—The Jap
anese committee for maintenance of
order issued a proclamation today
changing the name of Peiping hack
to the original Peking, meaning
"northern capital." Pt-iping means
"northern city."
