# SECOND TEAM MEETS ST MARYS.
## Substitutes Will Play College Rugby Fifteen On Stanford Field Tomorrow Afternoon. 
### 
The second team will line up
against the Rugby fifteen of St.
-Marys College of Oakland tomorrow
afternoon on Stanford Field at 2:30
o'clock. The college players have
been practicing hard since they were
defeated by the Freshmen and should
play the second squad ;i good game.
This will be the first game that lias
been played on the Campus by the
substitutes with the exception of the
match with the players of the Uni
versity of the Pacific. The line-up
will be as follows:
Giesy, McGregor, Shaner, Gay,
I-ligley, Smith, Luhrs, forwards; C.
Pemberton, wing forward; Heinly,
half; Vail, Chandler, fives; Rogers,
center; Drew, Cole, wings; Faulkner,
full.
