# Schechter: Student Power
## 
### 
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
"In reality the only power
students should have is over
themselves," Steve Schechter,
second-year graduate student in
engineering and candidate for
ASSU Vice President remarked
yesterday.
"But you can't expect students
"to be autonomous unto them
selves. We have a responsibility
to a larger community."
Considering himself as a po
tential Vice President, Schechter
observed, "I don't think I'll have
to go looking for problems. They
will find me."
His philosophy would require
that living group hours be deter
mined by the students in the
houses. He feels also that any
student who wishes to live off
campus should be permitted to
do so, with parental permission
if under-age.
No Student Trustees
Schechter would support fac
ulty members being added to the
Board of Trustees, but doubts
the value of having students on
the Board. "They are here for
too short a time. Their goals
tend to be immediate," he re
marked.
With reference to the Packer
Study at Stanford, Schechter re
marked, "I would have liked
students to have had a voice on
who served on the committee.
But we should take the report
for what it is worth."
Schechter has proposed an
evaluation system of professors
by students, the results of
which would be purely for the
professor's use. "I would like
the system to be voluntary if all
professors would volunteer. I
wish that some professors could
be restricted to research and

consultive roles if the univer
sity wants to keep them."
Students would rate teachers
on the clarity of their presenta
tion and on the general value
of their courses. The results
would become the property of
the professors. "Maybe some
professors could improve if they
knew how students react to their
courses."
Schechter added that tenure
should be based on more than re
search or publication. "A pro
fessor who can teach very well
should be given tenure."
Schechter supports a certain

number of general studies re
quirements, but feels that hu
manities or social science ma
jors should not take the same
science courses that science ma
jors do.
The abolishment of all require
ments would not make for a
"well-rounded student," Schech
ter added.
He supports co-ed dorms and
remarks that residences should
be designed so they look like
residences. On present Stanford
dormitories he remarks that "I
have seen better looking pris
ons."
