# Tourniquets?
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitt»


Groups for and against the Vietnam war gave out arm bands In White Memorial Plaza yesterday.
Opponents of the war continued distribution of white bands begun last Wednesday, while pro
ponents began to distribute black bands. Both groups intend to continue their activities next
Wednesday. Other students were seen wearing apathetic celophane, patriotic red-white-and-blue,
undecided gray, and blood red bands.
