# Non-Students
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.

Daily Photo by Dave Bittn

A dozen "hippies" invaded TMU yes
terday afternoon, parading in coats
with kelly green lapels and block
leather hip boots. The Stanford Police
Department had no comment on their
actions.
