# Post-Reg Chairman
## 
### 

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.

AL HAAS, head of the post-reg
istration program, whose commit
tee will help orient new students
this week-end.
