# TO PRESENT RECITAL
## 
### 
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
Joseph M. Running, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital Sunday night at 7:30
in Memorial Church. He will be as
sisted by Marjorie Benson, soprano.
