# Braunschweiger Is Bonfire Chairman
## 
### 
Freshman bonfire plans have been
changed with the announcement that
Lowell Miller, '21, has left the Univer
sity, and E. F. liraunschweiger, '21,
has been appointed chairman of the
bonfire committee in his place. The
remainder of the committee will be
appointed this week in order that a
meeting may be held to complete ar
rangements for tiie pyre.
Time cards for all Freshmen arc
now on the press and will be distrib
uted the latter part of the week.
Chairman Braunschweiger is anxious
that the members of the Conference
Committee turn in the names of the
Freshmen promptly to it. L. Temple
ton, MS, chairman of the upperclass
committee, so that the cards may be
mailed.
