# Adv. 23 Page 8
## 
### 
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
Merry Christmas and
Happy Hanukkah
from the Daily staff
Bain & Company
Will give a presentation
and informal reception
to discuss Undergraduate
job opportunities in
Management Consulting
—All Majors Welcome —
Look for upcoming
announcements
of the date
and location of
our January
presentation.
