# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 75c
With Private Bath, 51.25
175 Rooms
125 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
r J
-ii a i i
