# 'Modern Art' This Evening's Lecture Topic
## 
### 
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
Dr. Paul Oskar Kristeller, noted
scholar of the Renaissance and pro
fessor of philosophy at Columbia
University, will speak at 8 tonight
on the Tuesday Evening Lecture
program in Stanford Memorial Hall.
Dr. Kristeller's topic will be "The
Origin of the Modern Notion of
Art." The public is invited without
charge.
Starting yesterday, Dr. Kristeller
is presenting a series of daily pub
lic lectures under the auspices of
the Stanford Philosophy Depart
ment.
The series will include "Philoso
phy and Rhetoric in the Italian
Renaissance," today; "Augustine
and the Renaissance," Thursday;
and "Music and Learning in the
Renaissance," Friday. All will be
delivered at 1 p.m. in Room 90,
located on the Stanford Inner
Quadrangle.
Dr. Kristeller took his doctorate
"magna cum laude" from the Uni
versity of Heidelberg in 1928. He
has since worked in the Vatican Li
brary and has lectured at the Uni
versity of Florence and Pisa, Har
vard University, Yale University,
and the University of Michigan. He
has been at Columbia since 1939.
The author of many books and
articles on the Renaissance, Dr.
Kristeller's chief interest now is a
co-operative scholarly project for
publishing a bibliography of Me
dieval and Renaissance translations
and commentaries.
He has just come from the Uni
versity of Oregon where he led the
Renaissance Institute, an initial
event in the celebration of that in
stitution's 75th anniversary.
