# Briefly
## 
### 
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
Grad Students
The first Centennial Grad
Students TGIF picnic/party will
be today at 4 p.m. on the grass
oval between Tresidder and
White Plaza. There will be free
beer, wine, drinks and
munchies.
Staff lunch
Everyone is invited to today's
noon staff meeting at the Daily
offices. Happy Birthday Nina!
