# "Actors in Japan" Subject Of Paper by Schwartz
## 
### 
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
The Stanford Philological Associa
tion will meet at 4:15 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon at Women's Clubhouse.
Professor W. L. Schwartz of the Ro
manic Languages department will read
a paper on "Actors in Japan." Profes
sor Ira K. Hendricks will read a re
view of "The Spencerian Stanza in the
Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centu
ries." The meeting will be open to
faculty members and students who are
interested.
