# Dr. Jordan's Conference Based on Effects of War
## 
### 
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
"The Blood of the Nation" is the
subject chosen by I)r. Jordan for his
conference tomorrow evening. This
discussion will deal with the effect of
war in killing off the strongest mem
bers of the race, and the consequent
handicap to the breed. The conference
will be held at Dr. Jordan's home at
7:30 o'clock.
