# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
Two hundred ami fifty tickets
to the Stanford*Cal game at
Berkeley on Friday, Feb. 14, re
main on sale at the Stanford
ticket office in the BAC. Price
for the student tickets is 50
cents.
