# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
sag;. .-MSB
Excursion Trips
liliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiliiliiiiiiniHliiiiiliii
for pleasure or investigation
ean be arranged for parties of
6 to f»0 at any time. Quick,
easy transportation is assured
if you
CALL PALO ALTO
ANDRUS TAXI
