# Burt Palmer Elected President Of Euphronia
## 
### 
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
Burt Palmer, '24, was elected pres
ident of Euphronia Debating Society
for the winter quarter to succeed
Matthew Tohriner, '24, at the annual
banquet of the society held Wednes
day night.
Other officers elected were Dick
Gross, '24, vice president, and Percy
Spencer, '25, secretary-treasurer.
Professors J. G. Emerson and Lee
Emerson Bassett of the English de
partment were guests of the society at
the banquet.
