# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
Track work began in earnest last
evening. The outlook is gratify
ing, and steady training from now
on may produce surprising results.
Men who are unable to play foot
ball may be well qualified for de

velopment in some track event.
There is room for everyone who
will come out.
