# Interfaith Group To Hear Lecture
## 
### 
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
The Interfaith Council will hold a
Quarterly Conference Nov. 15, from
8 to 9 p.m., at the home of Dean
Jackson. Prof. Harry Rathburn of
the Law School will be the speaker,
and all interested students are in
vited to attend.
Students are also welcome at the
Sunday morning discussions which
are held in the Chapel between 10
and 10:45 under the leadership of
John Moore, alumnus.
It was decided at a meeting last
Friday that the Council will have a
luncheon once a month and that
posters giving the names of all the
church groups will be distributed.
Everyone is invited to the luncheon
next Friday in the Women's Club
house, according to Sally Burke,
president.
