# FORECAST LIGHT VOTE
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2 (UP). —The:
lightest vote in more than a decade
was forecast tonight as candidates
took to the air waves in an elev
enth-hour attempt to whip up in
terest in the Washington state elec
tion.
