# Russians Withdraw From Nalchik Base
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
MOSCOW, Tuesday, Nov. 3 (U.R)—
Russian troops have withdrawn from
Nalchik under concentrated German
attacks and now are fighting south
east of there along the outer ap
proaches to Ordzhonikidze, gateway
to the stx - ategic military routes over
the Caucasian Mountains, a com
munique revealed today.
Nalchik is 60 miles northwest of
Ordzhonikidze on a plateau where
the Germans have shifted the main
weight of their campaign in South
Russia.
(The German High Command re
ported last Thursday that Nalchik
had been captured, and on Monday
claimed the conquest of Alagair, 35
miles southeast of Nalchik and 25
miles northwest of Ordzhonikidze.)
Mounting Red army successes in
Stalingrad despite German tank and
infantry attacks aimed at regaining
lost positions at any cost were re
ported by the high command in its
late communique.
