# MISS M. HAYES, '11, ELECTED PRESIDENT CAP AND GOWN.
## 
### 
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
At a meeting of Cap and Gown yes
terday, Miss Mildred Hayes, '11, was
elected President for the ensuing se
mester, to succeed Miss M. B. Bar
lowe, '11, who will graduate at Christ
mas. Miss Hayes has been identified
with newspaper work since coming to
college, having served both on the
staff of the Daily Palo Alto and the
1911 Quad.
