# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
With this issue of the Daily Palo
Alto, the names of Samuel Montgom
erie Haslett, Jr. and Irving I. Ingra
ham are placed among the Associate
Editors of the staff. The promotion
of these two men from the positions
of Assistant Editors comes after a
period of competition for the places
that they will occupy has been suc
cessfully passed by both appointees.
Successful work and a continued al
legiance to the Daily Palo Alto war
rant such an advancement of these
men.
