# Spartans Next For Papooses
## 
### 
The Stanford Frosh are prepping
this week for Saturday's clash with
San Jose State's yearling eleven.
Coach Chuck Taylor, although quite
pleased with last week's 14 to 14
tie with UCLA, declares, "there is
still a lot of improvement to be
made."
The Spartan freshmen, nosed out,
13 to 12, by a Santa Cruz club team
their first time out, are rated as a
strong aggregation. This same Santa
Cruz squad has won eight consecu
tive games this season against top
frosh and junior college elevens in
the state.
The game, scheduled for 11:30 a.m.
in Stanford Stadium as a prelimin
ary to the Stanford-Oregon State
varsity skirmish, will find the un
defeated, but once tied, Papooses
trying to maintain its near-perfect
record.
