# Goblins and Spooks Scare Away Rally
## 
### 
The Stanford Rally Committee
announced today that there will
he no pre-game rally held prior
to next Saturday's gridiron tilt
with Oregon State.
"The reasons for this decision
arc two-fold," said committee co
chairman Barbara Carter. "The
Rally Com is devoting all of its
energies towitrd a week from to
day when we have the pre-USC
rally combined with the fresh
man Pajamarino. This is the sec
ond most important rally of the
year, and we want it to go over
big."
Chairman Carter also pointed
out that next Friday, the logical
time for a rally, was Halloween
and nearly every Stanford organi
zation would be involved in the
numerous dinners, parties, and
dances planned that night.
