# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
DOT'S /\
CLUES
Iron, .he (SI h
51 0 Waverley
THE LAST WORD IN THE
LATEST FOR
SPORTSWEAR
Overalls don't necessarily
mean work. Here are
some new ones of desert
crash—
Smart sports - creations
that assure your playtimes
will be gaytimes.
$3.00
Read Classified Ads
