# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
Mary Frances Schwerin, '3(5, Kap
pa Alpha Theta, announces her en
gagement to Robert McDonald, '36,
Theta Chi.
