# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
The Editor, Sir:
By way of contrast to Mr. Owen
Ulph's Campus Opinion, in which
he takes issue with practically ev
erything, I should like to say a few
words in favor of a campus activity.
Dramatic Council's plan of present
ing a spring musical show seems to
be an entirely admirable thing, quite
in keeping with Stanford tradition.
It has been several years now since
the curtain came down on the last
junior opera, and everybody will
admit that ihe operas had their lim
itations, but "Follies Bourgeois" ap
pears to eliminate all the former ob
jections to a spring production and
combined all the popular features of
the "Gaieties" with the additional
professional touches added by the
hysterical sketches of Dorothy
Parker and George S. Kaufman.
Congratulations, Dramatic Council,
for giving the campus an opportunity
to see an excellent revue like "Fol
lies Bourgeois" promises to be, and
congratulations also on your new
low price policy, which more than
meets half way the competition of
the Paly movies.
Sincerely,
Ted B. Geissler
