# Works of Two California Artists Shown at Gallery
## 
### 
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
Featuring oil-paintings of two
well-known Southern California
artists, the newest exhibitions in
the Stanford Art Gallery include
the works of Jean Mannheim of Los
Angeles and Edward Payne of Pasa
dena, according to a recent an
nouncement by Pedro de Lemos,
director of the Stanford Art Gallery.
Jean Mannheim, called "Dean of
Painters" and influential in painting
circles, has as the themes of his 47
exhibits done in Southern California,
portraits, marines, and landscapes.
Payne's 32 featured paintings of
marines and landscapes have orig
inated in California and Italy.
