# Germany Will Be Invited To Danubian Conference
## 
### 
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
BERLIN, May 2CI (A 3 ). — Official
circles today warmly welcomed Pre
mier Mussolini's announcement to
the Chamber of Deputies that Ger
many would be invited to the forth
coming Danubian conference and
would be kept informed as to Ihe
progress of preparations for the
gathering.
