# REPEATS BRITISH VICTORY
## 
### 

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)

W. Lawson Little, Stanford golfer, won the British amateur cham
pionship Saturday at the famous St. Anne's-by-the-Sea course in Eng
land for the second consecutive year. In repeating his 1934 victory,
Little defeated I)r. William Tweddle in the final round, lie is shown
here with the cup he won in the U.S. amateur tourney at Rrookline,
Mass., last summer. (Associated Press Photo.)
