# Hall To Speak On Radio Hour
## 
### 
A bird's-eye view of ourselves and
of our purposes and values in mod
ern times as contrasted with the
spirit which permeated ancient and
medieval ages, will be one of the
topics to be explored by Professor
Everett W. Hall of the philosophy
department in a radio talk on "The
Contemplative Ideal in a World of
Action," to be broadcast from sta
tion KGO this evening at 8 o'clock.
Although those branches of learn
ing that increase our factual knowl
edge are highly valuable, it is also
important, Professor Hall believes, to
gain another sort of knowledge,
which may be called a general
"sizing-up" of ourselves in the
world we live in.
As an essay into this field of
learning, Professor Hall will point
out a very general attitude of our
time, and suggest that we may learn
something of benefit from the older
spirit without sacrifice of what is
valuable in our own.
