# Soldier Bandits Believed Annihilated by Japanese
## 
### 
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
TOKYO, May 26 (/P). — Rengo
(Japanese News Agcncy) — Dis
patches from Hsinking said tonight
that the Japanese believed they had
annihilated a band of "bandit sol
diers" in pursuit of whom an expe
dition crossed the great wall into
northern China.
An announcement by the Japa
nese General Headquarters was said
to have reported Sun Yung Chin,
leader of the alleged bandits, and
300 of his followers were killed.
