# SWIM CLASSES CLOSED
## 
### 
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
Asithe swimming classes for faculty
women and children have reached
capacity they are now closed to further
entrants.
