# '32 alumnus to marry
## 
### 
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
The wedding of Mis§ Rosemary
Alexander and Albert. Barker Hunt
will take place on July 23 in Monte
cito. Hunt graduated in June, and was
a member of Beta Theta Pi. Peter De
Lancey Lewis, a classmate and fra
ternity brother, will be best man.
