# War Department Tries New Type Plane
## 
### 

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.

Capt. Vincent Malloy of the militia bureau in the War department (right) is on a tour of inspection of all
National Guard units throughout the United States and is flying a new type gull winged monoplane, shown above,
powered with a high speed motor capable of doing more than 'JOO in. p. h. it is claimed to be the fastest plane
in existence and will probably be used in army observation work.
