# NOTICE
## 
### 
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
ALL MEN eligible for soccer varsity
report at once for practice.—R. D.
Howe, Captain.
