# Untitled Article
## 
### 
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
rnitiiriau Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of the Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday at 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
