# U.C. Second Eleven Wins.
## 
### 
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
The second eleven of the Univer
sity of California defeated the
Sonora football team on Thanks
giving Day by a score of 17 to 0.
