# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Something over a century ago old
Governor Dudley of Massachusetts
made a bequest to Harvard University
the income from which was to be used
to secure lecturers against the Roman
Catholic religion. Two or three years
ago President Kliot of Harvard Univer
sity invited Bishop Iveane, the presi
dent of the Catholic University at
Washington, to deliver one of those
very lectures which a less liberal
minded age had intended should be
given by a very different person.
Something over a century ago old
Governor Dudley of Massachusetts
made a bequest to Harvard University
the income from which was to be used
to secure lecturers against the Roman
Catholic religion. Two or three years
ago President Kliot of Harvard Univer
sity invited Bishop Iveane, the presi
dent of the Catholic University at
Washington, to deliver one of those
very lectures which a less liberal
minded age had intended should be
given by a very different person.
Something over a century ago old
Governor Dudley of Massachusetts
made a bequest to Harvard University
the income from which was to be used
to secure lecturers against the Roman
Catholic religion. Two or three years
ago President Kliot of Harvard Univer
sity invited Bishop Iveane, the presi
dent of the Catholic University at
Washington, to deliver one of those
very lectures which a less liberal
minded age had intended should be
given by a very different person.
