# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
—W. I. Trueger, who hits been
<)uite ill with threatened pneu
monia at the home of C. K. Detrick
in Menlo Park, is reported rb much
improved today.
