# Bookstore Receives Drill Volume
## 
### 
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
"Infantry Drill Regulations of the
United States Army" hap been re
ceived by the Bookstore. The price is
75 cents.
Ruling pens and other drawing in
struments that it has been impossi
ble to get before this time are now
on sale.
