# WOMEN TO HOLD BIG MASS MEETING
## 
### 
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
All of the women of the university
are expected to attend the women's
mass meeting to be hold tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little Tht
ater, when the financial problems of
the women's student body will be pre
sented and solutions discussed. Only
a feeling of the individual responsi
bility as women of the university can
assure those who have worked on the
plans of the success of the women
when they are working independently
of the men in the matter of financial
support.
Voting privileges, according to the
action of the Women's Conference
last Thursday night, will be limited
to those who have paid their sutdent
body dues, as only those who are
willing to sacrifice a little to lend
their financial support will have
enough interest to entitle them to
vote.
