# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The field-day to be held Sep
tember twenty-ninth at Tanforan
Park under the auspices of the
Olympic Club offers a fine chance
for the Stanford athletes. Such an
event as this gives them a chance
to do fall training and thus keep in
shape for next year. As the field
day is to be a handicap event, there

is no reason why a large number of
men should not enter from here.
Already a few of our athletes have
signified their intention of taking
part, but Stanford can, and should,
send a large delegation. As all the
events are to be handicapped, the
men who enter need not do very
severe training. Here at Stanford
but little attention has been paid
to fall training for our track men,
and instead of endeavoring to keep
the athletes in condition the year
around, all our efforts have been
put forward to bring out a track
team by a few weeks' severe train
ing in the spring season. Fall
training is necessary to keep men
in good condition, and such an op
portunity to make a showing for
Stanford, and also do some good
training, should not pass by un
noticed.
