# DR. BOTT TO LECTURE NEXT TUESDAY EVENING
## 
### 
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
Professor Edward A. Bott will lec
ture next Tuesday night at 8 o'clock
in the Little Theatre on "Re-educa
tion and Its Changing Phases, 1920,
'30, '40."
Professor Bott is a Professor of
Psychology and the director of the
Psychological Laboratory at the Uni
versity of Toronto. He has been of
fering a course in Advanced Human
Psychology here this summer in ad
dition to giving lectures in General
Psychology.
