# UNIVERSITY CLINIC AT SAN FRANCISCO LOOKS AFTER CITY'S HEALTH
## 
### 
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
Stanford University is making a
material contribution to the health of
San Francisco and surrounding terri
tory through the Out-patient clinic.
This clinic is the doctor's office for
the poor of San Francisco. It provides
them with skilled medical attention
and gives the medical students of the
University an opportunity to have
first-hand experience in the care and
handling of patients. Through close
co-operation with specialists and
other clinics in the city, the most re
cent findings of the medical profes
sion are available.
On entering the clinic the patient
is given a thorough examination and
frequently goes through three or four
special departments before he is diag
nosed and treated. The county hos
pital is used when the patient must
have an observation which lasts sev
eral days. After a complete examina
tion, remedies are dispensed through
the drug store in conjunction with the
clinic.
Not only are the sick and diseased
provided for in this hospital, but pre
ventative measures are taken also, in
the battle against disease. A well
baby clinic, instructing mothers on
the care of infants, is an example of
the preventative branch of this health
agency.
In the surgical clinic the preponder
ance of treatments is in the minor
operation of tonsil and adenoid re
moval.
The apple blossom is the most at
tractive blossom for photographic
purposes.
A monument will be erected to
Concepcion Arenal, one of the fore
most workers in the interests of
needy and suffering women in Spain.
