# Registration For Quarter Is 2209 Today
## 
### 
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
Registration figures up to noon today
totalled 2209, according to an an
nouncement made by E. S. Erwin, Uni
versity accountant. No information as
to the relative number of men and
■women registering is obtainable, as
the registrar's office has not yet com
piled any totals.
On the second day of registration
last year the total had reached 2564,
of Avhom 2088 were men and 474 avo
men. Last year's registration set a
new record for number of undergradu
ate students. While no estimate of the
number entering Stanford this fall can
yet be made, the registration this
morning was far larger than had been
expected.
The registration period extends over
three weeks.
