# INTERFRATERNITY BODY TO DISCUSS RUSHING
## 
### 
At the Interfraternity Conference
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Old
Union, President Gene Trago will ex
plain the new rushing system. This is
for the benefit of the new delegates
this year, in order that no misunder
standing may arise concerning the con
ditions of the agreement.
As at present outlined, the new plan
is for a three quarter rushing period.
During the autumn quarter there is
to be absolutely no rushing of the
freshmen. Wednesday and week-end
nights alone are suitable for rushing
during the winter quarter. The first
ten days of the spring quarter are to
be used for formal rushing, and then,
after a four days' "consideration
period," the bidding will take place,
through the interfraternity lawyer, as
in previous years.
