# DEBATE SOCIETY
## 
### 
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
Debate Society will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 p.m. in Room
202, History corner. Election of offi
cers, plans for this year, and general
organization of the group are in
order. All interested students,
whether they have had previous ex
perience or not, are urged to attend.
