# Republican Club Plots Secret Balloon Stunt
## 
### 
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
A group of San iVJateo County
Youryj Republicans will attempt
to sneak hundreds of helium
filled balloons — all proclaiming
"We Like Ike'" — into Stanford
Stadium tomorrow to be released
during half - time activities, it
was learned by The Daily last
night.
The secret plan was okayed last
night at an executive meeting of
the club in San Mateo.
