# Underclass Debating Committees.
## 
### 
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
F. G. Smith, president of the
Sophomore class, has appointed A.
M. Dibblee, A. Sheriffs, and B. C.
Dey, chairman, as the committee to
arrange for the Freshman-Sopho
more debate. The Freshman com
mittee, as named by President
Howard, is: J. L. Maloy, chairman,
D. D. Sales, and H. F. Lovell. The
latter met this morning and de
cided that all Freshmen that in
tend to take part in the prelimin
aries must hand their names to the
committee before November sth.
