# LAST NIGHT'S LECTURE
## Eugene Soule on Leland Stanford. Politics and the Railway. 
### 
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
A fairly large crowd attended the
lecture delivered last night in the
chapel by Instructor Eugene Soule
of the Manual Training department
on the subject of "Leland Stanford
in California."
Mr. Soule began by saying that
he regretted that so little concern
ing Senator Stanford had been
given to the world by those who
knew him best, and that he felt it
his duty to contribute what he
could. After touching briefly upon
the early life of the Senator in the
East, the speaker took up his work
in California, his connections with
the Central Pacific railway, and
his part in State and National poli
tics.
During all this time efforts were
being made to build the new rail
way. The company was bankrupt,
in fact,and many were discouraged.
In 1862 concessions by the govern
ment rendered the beginning of the
work possible. Labor was scarce
because of mining and war,and the
employment of Chinese was neces
sitated. Great difficulties were en
countered after the work was be
gun. The heavy snows of 1866-7
undid much of the work accom
plished that year, and hostile
Indians threatened to stop work on
the road after the Mountains were
crossed. Entirely through the ef
forts of Senator Stanford, a treaty
was formed with them. Finally
in 1869 the prodigious work was
finished at Auburn, where the Sen
ator drove the last spike and laid
the plate bearing the words "May
God preserve the unity of our
country, as this railway connects
ocean to ocean."
