# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
THE
' NEW YORKER
Special Ca'legs Offer
to
Students and Faculty
Subscribe through:
GEORGE CHAMBERS
DA 3-8848
deadline Nov. let
