# GOLF TOURNEY
## 
### 
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
Sign-up lists arc in the Women's
Gym for the women's all-campus
golf tournament. A qualifying
round of 18 holes must be in by
Friday. All women students are
eligible.
