# MEDICAL SEMINAR
## 
### 
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
"The Medical Aspect of Atomic
Warfare" will be the subject of a
talk by Commander Etter, head of
the Radiation Division, Treasure
Island Naval Base, at 4:30 this af
ternoon. Etter will speak in Room
460, Physiology Building, at a medi
cal seminar sponsored by the soph
omore medical students. Any in
terested student may attend.
