# Untitled Article
## 
### 

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.

STANFORD's shifty halfback Boyd Benson, No. 12, is being trapped by an unidentified Beaver
after a short gain in Saturday's contest, which the Indians won easily, 21 to 0. Also shown in
action are Stanfordites Bob Griffin, No. 15, and Gary Kerkorian, No. 17.
