# Students Attend UWF Convention
## 
### 
Gil Jonas, ASSU ofT-campus rep
resentative, and Fritjof Thygeson,
officer in the Student Federalist
chapter here, left yesterday for
Washington, D.C. They will be a
part of the Northern California del
egation to the United World Fed
eralist convention.
Radical policy changes at the
convention are almost inevitable,
Jonas said. If a proposed merger of
students and adults is passed, many
student members who refuse to ac
cept the new position will have to
decide between the alternatives of
forming a student affiliate or a
completely new student ox-ganiza
tion, he said.
Jonas and Thygeson are leaving
early in order to confer with stu
dents from Eastern universities.
They intend to fight the merger of
students and adults.
