# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing

BILL DECKER, captain of last year's varsity polo team, accepts the Paul Verdier Perpetual Tro
phy on behalf of his teammates. The trophy presented by Mrs. David Moore of San Francisco,
last Sunday, was awarded to the Redskins as undefeated champions of the 1950 Pacific Coast
Polo League competition held in Golden Gate Park last spring. (For the complete story on the
championship team, see the Sports Page.) —photo by Elwing
