# TUESDAY SERIES
## Math Expert To Lecture On Newton 
### 
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
Herbert W. Turnbull, mathema
tician and scholar from Scotland's
oldest university, is interested in
subjects ranging from Isaac New
ton to mountain climbing and mu
sic.
Tonight in Mem Aud at 7:30,
Professor Turnbull will lecture on
Newton, his most serious sphere of
interest.
"Most of my research has been
done in Scotland and England, but
there are many private collections
of letters and manuscripts here in
the United States, which the Royal
Society of London wants inspect
ed," the lean-faced Scotchman re
marked. The Royal Society is plan
ning a complete edition of Newton's
letters and works.
Mountain Climber
Also an authority on mountain
c'imbing, Professor Turnbull is
president of the second oldest
mountain club in Scotland. "Wc
often go up in the winter through
the snow. Usually we're not just
trying to get to the top, but on the
way we collect information for sci
entific purposes."
In the United States he has been
to "the top of New England, Mount
Washington," but he has no plans
for scaling the California moun
tains. "Flying north from Los An
geles, I was struck with the beauty
of your high mountains," he added.
He also expressed a wish to see the
Grand Canyon.
Music Lover
As for his enthusiasm for music,
Professor Turnbull plays the piano
non-professionally. Shortly after he
arrived, he played informally with
a group of international musicians
and was impressed with "the readi
ness with which they all entered
the performance and the sponta
neity of all these nationalities to
gether."
He admitted a keen interest in
the world political situation, espe
cially "the War of Ideas, currently
centering in Western Germany."
Algebra and mathematical history
are included importantly in his
range of interests. He is active in
the Moral Rearmament Movement.
Professor Turnbull has been fa
vorably impressed by the univer
sities he has visited in the United
States. "I have always found an in
telligent response to both techno
logical and moral problems in the
colleges I have seen over here," he
said.
In his lecture, he will discuss the
significance of Newton, recent ideas
about his discoveries, and Newton's
relation to the rise of science.
Professor Turnbull is the second
speaker of the term to appear on
the Tuesday Evening Series.
