# Activity Try outs
## ELECTION BCARD 
### 
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
Election Board tryouts for com
mittee chairmen will be concluded
today from 2 to 3 p.m. in the ASSU
Excom room. Experience is not nec
essary. Freshmen are urged to try
