# "SPEEDY BEN" MAY COMPETE FOR O.C. AT LINCOLN MEET
## 
### 
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
|>EN BANGS EASTMAN, sen
sational sophomore quarter
and half-miler, will head the
Olympic Club's 25-man track
team at the national A.A.U.
track and field championships
at Lincoln, Nebraska, July 2-4,
stated Percy Locey, club men
tor, yesterday.
Locey believes that the meet
will rest between his team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club,
with the San Francisco aggre
gation holding a slight edge.
Other men on the Winged
"O" squad include George
Simpson, former Ohio State
flash, Hoc Dyer and Les Hables,
Stanford sprinters, Eric Ivrenz,
former Card discus and shot
star, Chester Kaster, famed
hurdler, Walter Marty, high
jumper, and Kenneth Churchill,
California javelin champion.
