# FOILS, MASK ELECT OFFICERS FOR FALL
## 
### 
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
With a very important meeting of
Foils and Mask, campus fencing club
scheduled for the women's gym at
7:30 o'clock this evening all those
interested in the sport arc urged to
attend.
According to Fred Pearman, vice
president of the organization, Ihe
main business is the election of of
ficers for next year. All old mem
bers are especially asked to come
for this reason.
Following the business meeting
the balance of the evening will be
devoted to fencing. Several varsity
fencers will be present and will
probably give an exhibition foils
bout.
