# SEVEN LOVING CUPS AWARDED DEBATERS AT ANNUAL DINNER
## 
### 
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
Silver loving cups for distin
guished debating records were
awarded to seven Stanford men last
night on the occasion of the annual
banquet of the men's, women's, and
frosh debating squads, held in the
alcove of the Union dining room.
Professor James G. Emerson, head
forensic coach, made the awards.
Those who fulfilled the require
ments of one major debate and
three minor engagements were Dan
niel Bryant, Edwin Gierhardt, Lau
rence Kimpton, James Robb, Irving
Rosenblatt, George Shibley, and
Wadieh Shibley.
William Hawley Davis, Professor
of English and editor of the Uni
versity Press, was the principle
speaker. George Shibley, Nicol
Smith, Mary Katherine Morris, Le
land Chapin, and John McClintock
were also on the speaking program.
Irving Rosenblatt presided.
