# NEW CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
The last Newman Club business
meeting of the quarter, to be held
at the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tonight, will be one of the
most important of the year, George
C. White, president, has announced.
All members are urged to attend.
