# WANTS TAX
## 
### 
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
Secretary of Treasury Andrew
Mellon's proposed change in the
structure of the income tax to
increase the number of taxpayers
aroused a storm of criticism in
Congress yesterday.
