# SQUADS REPORT FOR FIRST PRACTICE OF INTERCLASS HOCKEY
## 
### Anne Waldron 
Women's athletics started a promis
ing-looking season this afternoon when
the junior and senior hockey squads re
ported for their first practice. The reg
istration for all the squads has been
large, with a good percentage of vet
erans.
It will probably take a week or two of
practice to gauge the abilities of the
freshmen. Thirty-eight first year wo
men have registered, a large number of
whom have played hockey in prepara
tory school.
The sophomore squad of thirty-three
includes all of last year's squad and
about sixteen new students, many of
them with experience. Last season '27
had a team characterized by brilliant
individual players and poor general
team work. But more experience and
familiarity with the game should serve
to make the team function as a whole.
Juniors Have 28 Enrolled.
The '26 squad has an enrollment of
twenty-eight. Only two of last year's
forward line arc playing this year, and
the whole forward line will have to be
shifted and reorganized. The hackficld,
always the strongest part of the '26
team, is practically unchanged and
should hold against almost any variety
of attack.
Twenty-seven women have enrolled
in the senior-graduate squad, eight of
whom are graduates. This is the larg
est number of graduate students which
has ever enrolled for hockey, accord
ing to Miss Bunting, head of the phy
sical training department. She also ex
pressed a hope that a sufficient number
of graduate women would come out for
hockey during the next week to form a
graduate women's team. There are
among the senior representation a num
ber of last year's team and several
transfer students who should show up
well, so that '25 should send a strong
team out for the interclass champion
ship fight.
