# CAL WINS NET MEET
## 
### 
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
BERKELEY, April 23 (UP).—The
barnstorming University of Miami
tennis team lost its second match in
two days whne the University of
California triumphed 6 to 3.
