# Fisher Acclaims Hoover Food Plan
## 
### 
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
That Herbert Hoover's plan for
feeding the subjugated people of
Europe would be a weapon of aid
to the Allies was the contention
made by Dr. H. H. Fisher, chairman
of the directors of the Hoover Li
brary, in a talk to Palo Alto Ki
wanis Club members last Tuesday.
His speech refuted the arguments
made by opponents of the plan that
the British blockade on Germany
will result in revolt among inhabi
tants of the subjugated countries,
and that the Hoover plan would
take needed food and ships from the
United States. According to Dr.
Fisher, Germany is receiving food
from the continent, while American
surpluses could be transported to
Europe by Swedish ships.
He concluded by pointing out that
subjugated peoples arc being told
that Britain and America are keep
ing food from them, and that bad
feeling against the democracies is
being fostered in this way. On the
other hand, the Hoover food plan
would improve such relations, as
well as being a means of contact
between subjugated peoples# and
their exiled leaders.
