# CAMPUS OPINION
## THANK YOUâ€”SO MUCH! 
### 
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
r FHE EDITOR, SIR:
On behalf of the Associated Students and the
Convalescent Home Drive Committee, I wish to pub
licly thank Mr. Frank F. Walker, financial vice-presi
dent of Stanford University, for his generosity in do
nating eight hundred pounds of beans for Bean Day.
When Mr. Walker learned by accident that the beans
were not to be donated this year, he very graciously
offered to make them his personal contribution to the
Drive.
Richard A. Stepp,
Student Manager
