# Gardemeyer's Cafe Opens on the Circle
## 
### 
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
Equipped in every way possible to
give service and satisfaction, Garde
meyer's Cafe was opened on the Circle
in Palo Alto, this morning. Mr.
Cardemeyer lias been connected with
restaurant management in Palo Alto
for many years and offers a first
class lunch counter and table service
to campus patronage at low rates—
(Adv.).
