# Cardinal Swimmers Win From Piedmont
## Penniman and Greene Are Stars Stanford Relay Team is Victorious 
### 
Varsity swimmers exceeded even
Coach Brandsten's expectations, last
Saturday, when they defeated the
speedy Piedmont Swimming Club team
from Oakland, by the score of 44 to
32. Fast time was made in nearly all
the events, but particularly the 50
yard race, which Penniman won in
26:1, and the 440, which Greene won
in 6:25.1.
The visitors were hampered by the
cold, fresh water, to which
unaccustomed, but expected to win
without any trouble. After the meet,
they started immediately to make ar
rangements for a return meet at Pied
mont Haths. As the California meel
will be held in the Piedmont Baths,
Coach Brandsten is very anxious to
have this contest with Piedmont early
in March, so that the Cardinal men
can have a workout in the salt water
tank.
