# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
WEATHER
Fair today with little tem
perature change. High, 68
to 74; low, 50 to 56. West
wind in the afternoon, 8 to
17 mph.
And that's not even funny.
