# Sophomores Must Declare a Major
## 
### 
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-registration for
autumn quarter. Majors must
I>e declared before May 23.
Sophomores who do not do so
will not be allowed to pre
register for autumn ’62-’63.
