# Spring Prom Set for May 11
## 
### 
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
Because this year’s Junior
Prom is designed for all students
the Class of ’64 has announced
that the event will now be called
the “Spring Prom.”
The dance is sot for Friday,
May 11, at the Villa Hotel in San
Mateo from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Two
bars will bo open at the hotel,
which is next door to popular
restaurants and night clubs.
Prices will be the lowest over,
Bowman said; $3.75 per couple,
$3.25 for holders of ’63 class
cards, and $3.50 per couple for
groups of ten couples or more
purchasing a block of tickets.
Sales begin tomorrow at Engi
neering Corner and at the Post
Office.

The Walt Tolleson band will
provide dance music, and Alpha
Delt and Theta Delt trios will
sing during intermissions.
