# Musicale to Give Hindemith Songs
## 
### 
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
The first part of Paul Hinde
mith’s song cycle “The Life of
Mary” will be presented today at
12:15 p.m. in the Dinkelspiel Re
hearsal Hall at the week’s Wed
nesday Noon Musicale.
The remainder of the fifteen
songs will be presented tomorrow
and Friday at noon, also in Din
kelspiel.
Soprano soloist will be Martha
Krug, conductor of the Women’s
Glee Club, and Walter Moore will
accompany her.
