# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The suggestion conies from mem
bers of the Pioneer Class in San
Francisco tlisit all Stanford men,
when walking along the two main
thoroughfares of the city keep as
much as possible on the north side
of Market street and the west side
walk of Kearny street, in order
that the opportunities may lie in
creased for the meeting of alumni
and students.
The suggestion conies from mem
bers of the Pioneer Class in San
Francisco tlisit all Stanford men,
when walking along the two main
thoroughfares of the city keep as
much as possible on the north side
of Market street and the west side
walk of Kearny street, in order
that the opportunities may lie in
creased for the meeting of alumni
and students.
The suggestion conies from mem
bers of the Pioneer Class in San
Francisco tlisit all Stanford men,
when walking along the two main
thoroughfares of the city keep as
much as possible on the north side
of Market street and the west side
walk of Kearny street, in order
that the opportunities may lie in
creased for the meeting of alumni
and students.
The suggestion conies from mem
bers of the Pioneer Class in San
Francisco tlisit all Stanford men,
when walking along the two main
thoroughfares of the city keep as
much as possible on the north side
of Market street and the west side
walk of Kearny street, in order
that the opportunities may lie in
creased for the meeting of alumni
and students.
The suggestion conies from mem
bers of the Pioneer Class in San
Francisco tlisit all Stanford men,
when walking along the two main
thoroughfares of the city keep as
much as possible on the north side
of Market street and the west side
walk of Kearny street, in order
that the opportunities may lie in
creased for the meeting of alumni
and students.
