# Noted Scotchman to Preach.
## 
### 
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
The Reverend Robert Freeman, the
distinguished Scotch preacher will
preach at the Chapel Service next Sun
day.
