# "200-INCH CAMERA"
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22 (UP).
—Probably no one will over look
through the big new 200-inch tele
scope, in the ordinary sense, ex
plains an astronomer; it is designed
for making camera records of star
systems.

In the orthodox Japanese marriage
ceremony, the bride and groom ex
change nine tiny cups of rice wine.
