# Dr. Rivers To Deliver Medical Talk
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas M. Rivers, director of
the Hospital of the Rockefeller In
stitute for Medical Research, will
discuss "Spontaneous Generation in
the Light of Knowledge of Viruses"
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Invited to deliver the 27th course
of Lane Medical Lectures, Dr. Riv
ers is in San Francisco this week,
speaking every night, Monday
through Friday, at 8:15 o'clock in
Lane Hall.
A graduate of Emory College, Ox
ford, Georgia, Dr. Rivers received
his M.D. degi'ee from Johns Hopkins
University in 1915. From 1915 to
1922 he served on the faculty at
Johns Hopkins. Dr. Rivers has been
a member of the Rockefeller Insti
tute of New York City since 1927
and director of the hospital since
1937.
Topics of the lectures to be given
in San Francisco this week are as
follows: Tuesday, "Pathology of
Virus Diseases"; Wednesday, "Im
munological and Serological Phe
nomena of Virus Diseases"; Thurs
day, "Nature of Viruses"; and Fri
day, "Treatment and Prevention of
Virus Diseases."
The medical profession, as well as
students, teachers, and research
workers are invited, it was an
nounced.
