# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.

Worm's View
Of A Pitcher

HERE'S lIOW THE WIND-UP of Theodore Lyons. Chicago White Sox
Hurler, might look to a worm, if there happened to he one on the
ground as the veteran pitcher takes the mound and steams in a fast
one.
