# B.A.C. to Continue Ticket Sale Today
## 
### 
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
I icket sales for the Stanford
(aiifornia basketball gair.es this
week-end, which were to have
concluded yesterday, have been
extended one day because of the
rain, according to Don Lieben
dorfer. The B.A.C. will be open
today from H:!I0 to .*> o'clock for
those who have not yet obtained
their tickets.
