# Bruin Team Rises In Hockey League
## 
### 
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
BOSTON, Feb. 27 (UP).—The sec
ond-place Boston Bruins climbed to
within two points of the idle New
York Rangers by trouncing the Chi
cago Blackhawks, 6-0, in a National
Hockey League game before 11,446
fans in Boston Garden tonight. It
was the first Chicago loss in 10
starts.
Sparked by their second line, the
Stanley Cup champions tallied a
trio of goals in both the second and
third periods as Goalie Frank Brim
sek earned his fifth shutout of the
season.
