# QUAD CLOTHES MEET AT THE P. O.
## 
### 

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.

BETTY MENDERSON, wearing a beige camel's hair jacket and beige
Shetland skirt with an olive green tie-silk blouse, and Betty Ann Hig
gins in a Shetland reefer from Roos Bros, read mail borrowed for the
picture.
