# Farm Debaters Join Cal in Forum
## 
### 
Jack Bates and Betty Ann Higgins
will represent the Stanford varsity
debate squad tomorrow when they
will take part in a forum discussion
with University of California debat
ers to be presented for the San
Francisco Center, League of Women
Voters. The meeting will be at 2:30
o'clock at the Hotel St. Francis.
Speaking for Cal will be James
Keene, student body president, and
Pauline Kael. The four debaters will
discuss the usefulness of college ed
ucation and the study of the demo
cratic government.
At a meeting of the varsity debate
squad yesterday Maurice Knox and
Maurice Wyler debated a St. Mary's
squad on the current isolation ques
tion. The Farm team upheld the af
firmative side.
