# Vacancies Remain In NYA Allotment
## 
### 
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
Several vacancies in the NYA al
lotment remain to be filled and un
dergraduates desiring to work may
file applications in the Student Em
ployment office, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley. Present NYA work
ers are warned that their final time
sheets for this month must be in by
5 o'clock today.
Several students have not signed
their NYA release cards. This must
be dene immediately, Mrs. Coverley
said. A male art model is needed to
pose in foreign costumes tonight and
next Wednesday.
