# EX-GAMBLER ARRESTED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27 (UP).
—Tony Cornero Stralla, former op
erator of Southern California gam
bling boats, was arrested here to
day on a technical charge of va
grancy.
