# 'Glamour' Fashions Come from Orient
## 
### 
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
From the Orient have come some
ol the season's most striking "glam
our"' fashions. In these gowns the
clinging jersey material is used to
obtain the slinky exotic effect we
have come to associate with the far
east.
Evening gowns arc the chief
benefactors from this trend, and
contrasting colors, in a material
draped to fit every curve are the
result. The evening turban, also of
soft jersey, is also a result of the
Oriental influence.
