# SLICES STEEL LIKE CHEESE
## 
### 

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.

WITII Till: NEWEST ACETYLENE (lame automatic creeper cutters, (his workman chops off half inch sheet
steel iust as if it were cheese. lie is working in the new Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Yards at Tacoma,
where a shipbuilding program will start next month.
