# STANFORD RACQUETERS ENTER CITY TOURNEY
## 
### 
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
Several members of the varsity fresh
man tennis squads have entered in the
San Francisco City championship ten
nis tourney which opens April 23. The
tournament will he played only on
week-ends and a large representation
from Stanford is expected to compete
for the city title.
Entry in the tournament is open to
any Stanford player, according to (Jap
tain Phil Neer of the Varsity, and ap
plication should he made to him at
once. Stanford players, who have al
ready entered in the tournament are:
Neer, Davies, Turner, Fish, Tussing,
Mcrtz. Hinckley, Devlin, and deßack.
