# Stanford Players Score in 'Richard'
## 
### 
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
Performances of William Shake
speare's "Richard III" will be held
tonight and tomorrow night at 8:15
in Memorial Auditorium.
