# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
UNDER THE WEATIIEK
Men's Rest Home — Verne Shu
maker, Merle Waugh, Walter Lan
dauer, David Owens, Arthur Holm
lund.
Women's Rest Hoine — Mary
Clarkson, Joan Whitticr, Joyce
Wakefield, Genevieve Shipp, Doro
thy Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital — Douglas
Campbell, Ken Campbell, Marian
na Olmstead, Cutler Webster, Roy
Gill.
