# Sunday Movies to Feature Comedy, Flash Gordon, and 'Seeds of Destiny'
## 
### 
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
A hilarious marital comedy, "The
Brooklyn Orchid," with William
Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Skeets Galla
gher, Marjorie "Woodworth, and
Grace Bradley, will be the feature
attraction at the Sunday evening
movie this week, said Bob Manning,
movie manager.
These fellows go fishing . . . and
catch a whopper! She is so grateful
to them for saving her life that she
says she'll follow them anywhere,
which proves a little embarrassing
when it comes time to go home to
their wives.
In addition to selected short sub
jects and the next installment of the
"Flash Gordon" adventure serial,
there will be, according to Manning,

a showing of the Academy Award
winning film "Seeds of Destiny."
Tickets will go on sale for 20
cents at the Memorial Auditorium
Sunday night at 7, and the show will
begin at 7:30.
