# STORES STAY OPEN
## 
### 
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
Palo Alto stores will remain open
on Armistice Day, Tuesday, ac
cording to the Palo Alto Chamber
of Commerce.
