# DELTS TRIM ALPHA DELTS; TIE FIJIS IN LEAGUE 2 RACE
## Phi Kap-D.U. Game Put Off; Fijis, Sequoia I Win By Default 
### 
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
Gaining its fourth straight vie- |
tory, 20-0, over the Alpha Delts yes
terday afternoon, the Delta Tau I
Delta touch football team kept its
place at the head of League II along
with the Fijis, who won by default.
Despite the strong, cold wind
sweeping across the field, the Delts
displayed a versatile attack which
not only scored three touchdowns !
but kept Lauritzen, the Alpha Delts'
speedy back, from doing much at
tacking.
Sequoia I won by forfeit from El
Sampo; and the Fijis from Kappa
Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma and Delta j
Upsiion postponed their contest till
later in the week.
In today's games the pace-setter
of League I, Theta Chi, meets the ■
Betas, an unknown quantity because
of their taking the Phi Psi's place
after the second round of play was I
finished on field one; Alpha Kappa
Lambda, the joint leader of League
V, engages a fourth-place team, El
Cuadro, on field three. Theta Delta
Chi is to play Los Arcos on field
two, and El Capitan will meet Alpha
Sigma Phi on field four.
