# WILL IRWIN BOOK IN LIBRARY HERE BEARS AUTOGRAPH
## 
### 
Discovery in Ihe Stanford Library
of an autographed edition of "The
Picaroons" written by a Stanford
graduate brings to memory the col
orful college life of two Stanford
men. The inscription on the fly leaf
reads: "To Harold Fitch 'the Fresh
man' from the terror of Stanford
and ally of the powers of darkness,
Bill Irwin. April, 1904. And that
same Bill Irwin hopes that the
course of the Freshman will be as
happy as was his ownâ€”minus the
awful finish."
The "awful finish" referred to in
the inscription is the type that the
average high-school student thinks
the college man goes through. Will
and his brother Wallace, otherwise
known as "Mick," were famous for
their numerous escapades. They are
accredited with having turned in a
fire alarm at Roble in the dead of
the night, posted an Oculist's sign
over the large eye that once adorned
the dome in the Memorial Church,
and various other deeds. Mick, as
the story goes, was the more "col
legiate" inclined of the two, and
tried one too many games to be
graduated "by request" in 1900.
These are the recollections Irwin
refers to in his message to Fitch.
Three years later, Fitch was the
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, now
the Stanford Daily, and came near
an "awful finish" when he took an
active part through the columns of
his paper in the "Whiskey Rebel
lion," which stormed the campus
during the fall of 1908.
