# VOCATIONAL BUREAU SETS OFFICE HOURS
## 
### 
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
A vocational guidance bureau,
sponsored by the A.S.S.U. vocational
guidance committee, will hold its
first office hours Thursday afternoon
in the A.S.S.U. president s office in
the Old Union. I
On Monday and Thursday after
noons from 2 to 3 o'clock, commit- j
tee members will be at the office to
aid students desiring to decide upon
a suitable vocation before the com
pletion of their university career. ;
Vocational information, statistics,
and references will be available, and
personal interviews with successful
men in many lines of work may be
arranged through the bureau. Voca
tional aptitude tests will also be of
fered.
