# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
An Illinois coal miner was found
dead after he had been drinking de
natured alcohol, canned heat, and
' bay rum.
