# ALL LATE LEAVES REVOKED TONIGHT BY A.W.S. COUNCIL
## 
### 
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
Thei'e will be no 11:30 o'clock or
2:30 o'clock late leaves granted to
the women tonight because of crit
icism that has arisen in the past re
garding women's attendance at the
bonfire field, according to a recom
mendation received from Women's
Council and announced et house
meetings last night.
That no Stanford woman, unless
assisting with the food, go to the
bonfire any time Tuesday night, is
the request made by the governing
body.
It was also announced in house
meetings that the usual 3 o'clock
late leave Big Game night was to be
given this year in order that the
women could return to their living
groups.
