# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Several students in each class
are wont to gather at the doors of
class rooms after each recitation,
either to take a breath before
plunging into another poorly ven
tilated room or to discuss some
question raised during the preced
ing hour. Now both these reasons
are laudable in a way and in that
degree they are pardonable; but
there is another phase of the mat
ter that makes the students seem
thoughtless and culpable. By
stopping for breath or discussion at
the doorways they hinder the in
gress and egress of those who have
no time to waste. If they are
jostled they must remember that
they are rendering themselves lia
ble to rough usage. Instead of
scowling after the retreating form
of some busy student they should
recognize that he has but exercised
his right of going about his busi
ness without let or hindrance. We
may all have motes in our eyes,
but in some they are more in evi
dence than in others, and by call
ing attention to them they may be
eradicated.
