# SOPHS INVITED TO VIE FOR BASKETBALL POST
## 
### 
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
Sophomore candidates for basket
ball manager are asked to report to
Jim Kennedy, senior manager, at 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Basket
ball Pavilion.
This work satisfies lower division
physical education requirements,
states Kennedy, and those appointed
to junior managers will receive one
unit of credit per quarter toward
graduation. This is an important
meeting and a large turnout is de
sired.
