# Paglia Trys Left End
## Hillman Goes Over 
### 


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)


Joe Paglia, Bronc fullback, gets off for a short gain around Stanford's left end in Saturday's game
Bill Corbus (No. 19) and Fred Scribner (No. 20) are in pursuit, while Rudy Rintala (No. 10) closes in
Bill Denser, Santa Clara half, is attempting to take Rudy out of the play.

On the right is Captain Harry Hillimm hugging the ball to his chest after plunging to a touchdown
from the Bronco four-yard line. The touchdown culminated Stanford's fifth long march of the day, hav
ing started from the Indian 46-yard line. (San Jose Mercury-Herald photos)
