# GOPHER FOOTBALL TICKETS ON SALE STARTING TODAY
## 
### 
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
Sale of rooters' tickets for the
Minnesota game next Saturday
opens today. The sale is to last
for three days only, October 5,
6, and 7.
Personal presentation of stu
dent body cards and SI at the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
will secure a place in the
rooters' section.
The office will he open from
9 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o'clock.
Student tickets for the South
ern California game arc to he
sold on October 12, 13, and 14.
The California game tickets go
on sale October 1!), 20, and 21
at $1.50.
