# FRENCH TABLE WILL CONVENE THURSDAY
## 
### 
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
Students interested in speaking or
learning to speak French are in
vited to attend the French table,
which will resume its activities
neon Thursday in the main dining
room of the Union.
Neither a knowledge of the lan
guage nor enrollment in the depart
ment are required for attendance.
Members of the faculty of tli3
French department will be present,
affording an opportunity for greater
familiarity with the subject. Meet
ings will be held every week.
