# CHAPPIE WAILS HEARD Daily Recalls 1930 Victory CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
## 
### 
Editor of the Chaparral
Dear Sir or Madam:
Your ludicrous communication has
been received and duly turned over
to our Wastebasket Editor. In any
year but this sorrowful one, your
so-called challenge would have
merited nothing' save the w.k. horse
laugh. We of the Daily had hoped
that the crushing defeat inflicted
last year upon Arm and Hammer or
Hammer and Coffin or whatever
you call your fraternary organiza
tion, might have cured you of fur
ther tempting the awful ire of our
hardy crew.
However, we will accept your
horrible suicide note and agree to
rend you limb from limb on Satur
day, the 10th of October, in the
Stanford Stadium at High Noon, or
maybe about 3:30 o'clock.
R'sp'ctf'lly Y'rs,
W. E. "Biff" 'Sullivan.
