# Soph, Junior Proofs Due at Quad Office
## 
### 
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
All sophomore and junior proofs
must be in by .1 p.m. tomorrow, cr
their pictures may not be in the
Quad.
