# SEATTLE BLACKOUT
## 
### 
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
Scuttle faced tonight a crippling
electrical power blackout next week.
