# Religions Notice
## 
### 
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
STAN F() It D CHRISTIAN FEL
LOWSHIP will meet tonight from
7:30 to 8:30 in the lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. The speaker
will be the Rev. Mr. Aoki of the
San Jose Nisei Church, who will
talk on foreign missions. Every
one is invited.
