# Club, Fraternity Rushing Continue
## 
### 
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
Formal rating club and frater
nity rushing is now in progress
and will continue until 5:30 Fri
day evening. Freshmen may be
pledged any time during this pc
rlod,
