# For blacks, a disastrous epic
## 
### Isaac Barchas Editorial staff 
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
If the System was the
blueprint for the Gulag, the
fate of the Australian
aborigines foreshadowed the
Final Solution.
"Even though white settle
ment began with no policy of
racist persecution," writes
Hughes, "the coming of the
whites was an unmitigated
disaster for everyone with a
black skin."
What happened in main
land Australia was basically
war for land. The official
governmental stance of
neutrality — preservation of
equality before the law, etc.
— meant next to nothing on
the frontier.
The situation was exacer
bated by the government
policy of granting land on the
frontier to ex-convicts. As
Hughes explains it, these
convicts, the lowest rung on
the social ladder of white

Australia, looked on the
blacks as a long-awaited op
portunity to dominate as they
themselves had been
dominated.
The body count in this war:
2,000 Europeans, upwards of
20,000 aborigines.
Worse than the open war
fare, though, was the dispos
session of blacks from their
land. Aboriginal culture
could not survive "unrooted
ness," and it collapsed. As
sheep and cattle drove out
kangaroos, the aboriginal
tribal system fell apart, and
disease, vice, and, to what
degree possible, assimilation
befell the blacks.
In Tasmania, as opposed
to mainland Australia, native
blacks fell victim to a policy
of deliberate, government
inspired extermination. The
fate of the Tasmanian
aborigines, according to
Hughes, was the only case of
patterned genocide in British
imperial history.
