# Ten Teams Needed For Intramurals
## 
### 
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
Mr. Elwyn Bugge, in charge of in
tramural sports, has announced an
intramural Softball league, open to
civilian students and the CATS, will
begin this summer.
Sign-up slips are posted in the
men's gym. The games will be
played on Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at 4:30. Mr. Bugge said
that at least ten teams are needed;
faculty members are also invited to
participate.
