# Magazine revived; critiques sought
## 
### 
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
"Glosses," a magazine of
Stanford undergraduates'
literary criticism, is being
revived and needs contribu
tions.
Although it is not a jour
nal of creative writing,
"Glosses" will contain criti
cal and analytical writings
about both poetry and
prose.
Contributions to the
magazine should be papers
written for literature clas
ses, that have not been
otherwise published. The

purpose of the magazine is
to circulate written
thoughts concerning litera
ture among under
graduates.
"Glosses" will be availa
ble to everyone in late May
free of charge.
Students are invited to
contribute their papers,
preferably less than 20
pages in length, to the box
labeled "Glosses" located
outside room 41D in the En
glish Department.
