# Barbecue To Top Roble 'Meet Week"
## 
### 
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
-Roble's Meet Week, planned to get
all girls in the freshman dorm ac
quainted with each other, will begin
Thursday morning with a general
"know each other" campaign, and
will end Sunday evening with a bar
becue at the lake, according to Mary
Ellen Rice, general chairman.
"During this four-day period," said
Miss Rice, "special 'get-acquainted'
skits will be given in the dining
rooms and postei*s will be placed
throughout Roble. We want all girls
in the hall to know each other by
name."
The barbecue, set for 5:30 Sunday
evening, will be followed by canoe
racing, entertainment, and singing.
Bea Allen is in charge of entertain
ment.
