# MARCH OF TIME FILMS
## 
### 
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
Two March of Time film releases,
'Global Airways" and "India," will
be shown Wednesday morning, 8:00
a.m. in Memori.il Hall. They are be
ing shown by the School of Humani
ties for classes in the geography of
Asia and India, but anyone inter
ested may attend.
