# Duo-Pianists To Perform
## 
### 
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
The A.S.S.U. will present Lubo
shutz and Nemenoff, duo-pianists,
in th? third concert of this year's
series Monday, March 11, at
p.m. in Memorial Hall, announced
Jo Glasson, Concert Series chair
man.
Pierre Luboshutz and Genia Ne
menoff, whose performances have
been hailed by critics as "perfec
tion in two-piano playing." have
played more than 600 recitals in
almost 250 cities during the nine
years of their concert career. In
addition, they have made a num
ber of solo appearances with sym
phony orchestras all over the coun
try.
In addition to their performances,
Mr. Luboshutz and his wife (Genia
Nemenoff) have rediscovered many
works long neglected by duo-pian
ists, and have arranged many well
known compositions for two pianos.
