# ROTH OFFICERS
## 
### 
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
Roth has elected Jean Hazlett
president and Shirley Calder vice
presdent. They will take ofiice in
spring quarter.
