# Chapin Will Play Marimba Tonight
## 
### 
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
Ned Chapin, Stanford student,
will give a marimba recital tonight
at 7:45 in the Women's Clubhouse
under the auspices of Music Coun
cil. Mr. Chapin, who has given a
number of performances in Eureka,
Calif., and Medford, Ore., will give
the first recital of a series to be
sponsored by the student music or
ganization.
Tonight's program will be unac
companied, and will include the
Negro spiritual ''Swing Low, Sweet
Chariot"; "Chacone," by Durand-
Musser; "Sunset No. 1," by Dolvin;
and "Caprice Viennois," by Kreis
ler.
