# Students Threaten To Call Holy War
## 
### 
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
J
CAIRO, Feb. 2(5 (UP).-Student
leaders threatened today to call a
holy war against Great Britain, ef
fective Friday, in support of their
demand for evacuaton of British
troops from Egypt.
Student leaders said that a deci
sion to urge the holy war was
reached by a committee of students
and workers because the political
situation was getting worse daily,
and that immediate action was im
perative.
