# Horowitz Will Address Biology Group Today
## 
### 
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
"Natural Selection and the Evo
lution of Reaction Chains" will be
the topic of Norman Horowitz, re
search associate in biology at Stan
ford, at the biological science de
partment's weekly seminar this
afternoon at 4:15 in room 430 of
Jordan llall.
The seminar will be preceded by
a tea at 4 p.m. Faculty, students,
and visitors are invited to attend
the seminar.
