# WEATHER REPORT
## 
### 
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
San Francisco Bay Region- Lighl;
rain Wednesday. Partly cloudy with
few showers Thursday. Slightly
westerly winds.
