# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.

By United Press
A .'5O-foot white whale, who first appeared in San Francisco Bay
during war years despite Navy's submarine nets and recently returned
to his hazardous playground, was found dead by Coast Guardsmen at
Alameda aircraft base pier. Christened "Mopcy Dick" by those who
followed his frequent appearances in the area, the frolicsome mam
mal's passing adds a dab of color to the canvass of marine wonder.
