# Excom will Discuss Profits of Dividex
## 
### 
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
Division of dividex profits will
he brought before Excom for dis
cussion again when it meets to
night at 7:.'!() in the Excom room
of the Old Union, A.S.S.U. Presi
dent Bob Kennedy said yesterday.
Under new business Excom will
consider the place of firesides in
Stanford's social life. Kennedy
added. All students interested in
Excom may come.
