# Mrs. J.P. Smith Receives Honor.
## 
### 
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
Airs. J. P. Smith, wife of Professor
Smith of the Mining Department, ha«
recently been elected to membership
in the Califr rr in, Landmark League.
This was teh result of Mrs. Smith's
work in connection with the missions
of the state.
