# Cavalero Improving, Goes To Track Meet, Ball Game
## 
### 
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
Phil Cavalero, former president of
the Associated Students who was seri
ously injured in an automobile acci
dent about two months ago, was suf
ficiently recovered to attend the Bis '
Meet and the Stanford-California
baseball game Saturday. Me is still !
convalescing at the Palo Alto Hos- !
pital, and upon the advice of his at
tending physician, will not return to !
ids classes for at least six months. j
A popular fountain delicacy at Wil- i
son's —hot chocolate fudge sundae. —
Adr.
