# GENERAL LORD WILL RETIRE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
WASHINGTON, April 21. (/P)Briga
dler-General Herbert M. Lord, the di
rector of the budget, has decided to
retiro before the beginning of another
year's labor. The government fiscal
year ends Juno 30.
