# CAMPUS TO HAVE AIR MAIL SERVICE TWICE DAILY TO NEW YORK
## Greater Number of Letters Requires Two Trips in 24-Hour Period 
### 
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
New York bound air mail letters
will leave San Francisco twice a day,
commencing with the new air mail
schedule which becomes effective on
May 1, 1929, announces Postmaster
Victor Mason of the Stanford Post
office.
In a note to the Daily, Postmaster
Mason says: "The following item is
sued by the Second Assistant Post
master-General may be of interest to
your readers: 'The increased amount
of air mail handled on the transcon
tinental air mail route requires addi
tional service. The recent comple
tion of the lighted airway between
Salt Lake City and San Francisco
permits the Department to so sched
ule the service as to provide two
continuous trips between New York
and San Francisco during the 24-hour
period.'"
According to the new schedule mail
will leave San Francisco daily at
7:00 a.m., arriving in Chicago at
6:00 a.m. tho next day and in New
York at 6:40 p.m. The evening serv
ice will be daily except Monday and
will leave the city at 7:00 p.m. and
arrive in Chicago and New York at
6:00 p.m. and 6:43 a.m., respectively.
Both the morning and evening re
turn mail from New York will be
daily, the morning trip starting from
New York at 11:00 a.m. and reaching
Chicago at 7:00 p.m. and San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p.m. the next day. The
evening mail will leave New York at
8:00 p.m., arrive in Chicago at 5:35
a.m. and in San Francisco at 5:30 a.m.
In order to connect with these new
schedules air mail dispatches for San
Francisco will close at the Stanford
Postofflce at 1:30 p.m. for the night
plane and at 5:00 p.m. for the morn
ing plane.
