# MEDWICK JOINS DODGERS
## 
### 
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
Joe "Ducky" Medwick has been
signed to play for the Brooklyn
Dodgers as a pinch hitter. Medwick
played for the Dodgers once before
from 1940 to 1943.
