# Registration For Winter Quarter Begins Jan. 5
## 
### 
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
Registration tor me students who
remain on the campus during the holi
days will be held on Saturday, Janu
ary 3, according to the Registrar, and
may be completed on this day if the
departmental signatures can be obtain
ed. The regular registration on Janu
ary 5, has not been changed. Sched
ules for the winter quarter will be
on sale at the Comptroller's office on
December 22.
