# S.A.E. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bob Sweet to Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
