# THEY SPEAK FOR STANFORD
## 
### 

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.

SPEAKING AT LUNCHEON CLUBS, organizations, and at all other t.vpcs of meetings, the Stanford Speak
ers' Bureau performs a ver> worthwhile service. Three prominent members of the Bureau are Jack Grover
left. Serena Frankel, and Hugh O'Donnell.
