# British Lose 21st Vessel In Sea War
## Finns Bomb Russian Bases; Soviets Fete Lenin's Anniversary 
### United Press 
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
Naval and aerial activity featured
the war news on two fronts Sunday.
Great Britain lost its 21st naval
vessel since the war against Germany
started with the sinking of the de
stroyer Grenville in the North Sea
by a torpedo or mine. Loss of 81 of
her crew brought to 1,968 the num
ber of fatalities in the British Navy
since outbreak of the war.
The Finnish radio announced that
Finland's air force had bombed Rus
sian air bases at Baltiski and other
points along the Estonian coast al
though the official military commu
nique said only that "certain enemy
air bases" had been bombed.
KRONSTADT BOMBED
A Copenhagen dispatch said that
Finnish planes bombed fortifications
of Russia's big Kronstadt naval base
at the easteiTi end of the Gulf of
Finland at the lower end of the Ka
relian isthmus.
The Finnish high command re
ported the capture of sevei'al "strong
points" from the Russians northeast
of Lake Ladoga, improving the Finn
positions.
LENIN'S ANNIVERSARY
Out of Moscow came a Leningrad
military area communique saying
that "nothing of importance" oc
curred on the Finnish fighting fronts
during the day, which was the 16th
anniversary of the death of Nicolai
Lenin. It was observed at mass
meetings throughout the Soviet Un
ion, and at the one in Moscow's Bol
shoy Theater, attended by Josef V.
Stalin and other leaders, Alexander
Scherbakov, secretary of the Com
munist party, warned other nations
against intervening in the Finnish
conflict.
A Norwegian steamer and a Brit
ish passenger boat were among eight
vessels lost over the week-end—vic
tims of mines and U-boats.
FOUR VESSELS BOMBED
The British Air Ministry revealed
that Royal Air Force reconnaissance
planes bombed four German patrol
vessels in the North Sea Saturday
morning. Several of the bombs fell
within a few yards of the vessels,
possibly damaging them, and all the
British planes returned safely, it
was said.
The London Sunday Mirror's dip
lomatic correspondent said that Ger
man agents had arrived in Sweden,
Holland, Switzerland and Italy with
proposals for "an immediate armi
stice whereby Chancellor Adolf
Hitler would be "deposed." Unless
the proposals are accepted, the
newspaper said, the Nazi emissaries
are threatening that "hell will let
loose" on the fighting fronts.
CALLED PROPAGANDA
Sources close to the government
scoffed at the reports and said the
"peace plan" rumor, like many oth
ers, appeared to be German propa
ganda aimed at precipitating dissen
sion among the British and French
populations.
Foreign Minister Grigore Gafencu
of Rumania and Foreign Minister
Alexander Cincar - Markovitch of
Yugoslavia held a two-hour confer
ence, discussing administrative ques
tions in preparation for a meeting
of the Balkan Entente at Belgrade
Feb. 2.
