# Ram's Head Society Elects New Members
## 
### 
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
Ram's Head Society yesterday an
nounced the election ol the follow
ing members: Betty Wood, Pauline
Duell, Mary Lou Hieber, Jane
Thornton, Pat Bernard, Marion
Guyselman, Bob Staver, Bob Stev
ens, Ray Stahl, Pat Sylva, and Bmd
Young.
