# TWO DIE IN ACCIDENTS
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 (UP). —Traffic
accidents took two lives in Seattle
today and critically injured two
other persons.

Oyster shell from Louisiana shell
fish areas has been shipped as far
as Glasgow, Scotland, for use in the
preparation of livestock feed.
