# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
The last week before the greatest
athletic event of the year in at
hand, and in the final strenuous
preparation for the test *if brain
and brawn on our new field next
Saturday every student should lend
his aid. If not actively engaged in
some work which h necessary for
the success of the coming contest,
any student can at least render
passive service by refraining from
certain acts. In the past, the
practice of continually hurling in
quiries at the prospective football
men the week before the contest in
regard to their condition and the
chances of the team, has caused
both the players and the coaches
no end of annoyance. These tactics
deprive the men of the rest which
they so vitally need, and by re
fraining from the custom each stu
dent will do his part toward ad
vancing the chances for a victory.
There will he at least two open
practices this week, and on these
occasions the bleachers ought to be
filled with enthusiastic rooters, who
are there for the sole purpose of
cheering the team which will up
hold the Cardinal next Saturday.
