# WRANGLERS TO MEET
## 
### 
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
Miss Frances Sheldon, '22, will give
a talk on "Modern Music" at a meet
ing of the Wranglers Club to be held
tonight at 7:15 in the Women's Club
house. Following the talk club busi
ness of an important nature will be
discussed. All members are urged to
attend.
