# Strike End Brings Heat Back to "S" Campus
## 
### 
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
With the settlement of the railroad
strike which paralyzed traffic for sev
eral days, the cold spell which the
eompus dormitories were forced to
suffer, has come to an end. Last Sa
turday the University's supply of oil
was exhausted and, since additional
fuel could not be shipped in, the dor
mitories were forced to endure several
heatless days.
An effort was made to overcome the
difficulty by shipping oil to Redwood
City by barge and bringing it from
there to the campus by means of auto
trucks, but before this plan was put
into operation, the strike was settled.
