# Adv. 23 Page 9
## 
### 
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
CHILD*
Childcare needed f
Tues weekly w/ occas
in P.A. home or yo
613-8077. Nanny "si
Professor seeks e
energetic sitter for
and 9. Afterschoo
evenings and weeken
hours/week 650-321 -
Seeking occas. sitt
in Palo Alto. Call 838
Sitter needed every
5-10 p.m., 3 easy I
$ 12/ hr, mrsstujo@y;
The Stanford WorkL
looking for student
in providing occas
care evenings and
Please call (650) 723-
Three kinds boys (10,
occasional pm/eveninc
now that big brother'
freshman. Close t
(Woodside). $ 12/ hr.
