# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
The Sophomore Class meeting that
was to have been held today was
postponed on account of the student
body meeting. The meeting will bo
held Monday noon at 12:r», in room
214.
