# ASKS HEALTH RELIEF
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 (/P) —'The
Senate Finance Committee found a
Californian today who declared that
even California's famous climate
needed help to keep babies healthy.
Dr. Oscar Reiss of the University
of Southern California urged the
committee to appropriate for child
health.
