# Plan Songs, Skit for Tea
## 
### 
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
Snappy songs and syncopation by
popular campus musicians will en
tertain tea-sippers from 3 to 3:30
o'clock Friday afternoon during the
first part of the tea hours of the
Women's Clubhouse birthday party.
Witty quips by Jimmy Triolo, of
ficial "barker," will introduce the
entertainers who will include Wally
Baird at the piano and singers Ruth
Williams, Terry Hirschfield, and
Norman Sears. "Fare Thee Well,
Annabelle" will be the theme song
for a skit by Josephine Avis and
Lillian Willcomb.
A fashion show will follow the
musical entertainment.
