# Delta Sigma Rho Elects
## 
### 
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
.T. W. Fribley, '16, was elected to
Delta Sigma Rho, debating honor fra
ternity, yesterday. Fribley debated on
the intercollegiate team against the
University of California on November
12. Last year he was one of the Stan
ford orators in the Tri-State debate.
He was also one of the Bonnheim Dis
sertation winners in 1914. Fribley
registers in the Economics department
from Ashland, Ohio.
