# Y.W.C.A. CABINETS TO CONVENE
## Stanford, San Jose and C. of P. Will Plan Nation-wide Jubilee Celebration 
### 
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
Y. W. C. A. cabinet will hold a joint
meeting with San .lose and College of
the Pacific cabinets next Monday,
when Harriet Taylor, National Secre
tary, and Edith Dabb, of the National
Hoard, will be on the coast arranging
plans for the Jubilee celebration
which will be held from February 1 to
March 3.
The Jubilee is a nation-wide com
memoration of the founding of the
Association fifty years ago. At this
time the work done in the past will
be reviewed and a foundation laid for
new accomplishments in the future.
It will be a time to take a step for
ward in intensifying the Christian
work, and will broaden the true con
ception of membership in the asso
ciation.
