# Science Association Meets.
## 
### 
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
The Science Association met last
night for the first time this semes
ter at the home in Palo Alto of E.
C. Starks, curator of the Zoology
laboratory. An interesting lecture
on "Sea-Lions on the California
Coast" was delivered by Mr. Starks.
The lecture was illustrated with
lantern-slides.
The Science Association will hold
its regular monthly meetings
throughout the semester, and short
talks will be given by members
upon any original research work in
which they are engaged. All mem
bers of the departments of applied
sciences in the University are de
facto members of the association.
