# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
To-morrow will witness the first
dramatic production of the present
semester, and if faithful and unre
mitting effort means anything the
Sophomore play ought to be a suc
cess. The members of the cast won
their places after a competitive try
out which insured the best dra
matic talent the class possesses.
Those in charge of the play have
been unflagging in their attention
to detail, and in costuming and
scenery nothing will be lacking to
make the play a true picture.
