# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
Bert Stone has been elected captain
by tbe Palo Alto high school rugby
second team.
