# FIRE ENGINES ANSWER ALARM FROM STADIUM
## 
### 
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
The entire campus fire department
responded to a call about 8:30 o'clock
last night when it was reported that
the stadium was on fire. Tho conflagra
tion, plainly visible from the campus,
was only the Palo Alto High School
staging a rally. The same affair last
year brought many students out to
protect the freshman bonfire, thought
to have been attacked by a party from
Berkeley.
