# FREE ADMISSION FOR BOYS
## 
### 
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
Boys under 12 years of age will be
admitted to the Stanford-Oregon game
Saturday free of charge. They will be
confined to a section in the south end
of the stadium. This custom will be
continued in following games if it
proves successful, otherwise the young
fans wilJ be excluded from all games
except when admission is jiaid. The
purpose of this plan is to keep small
boys off the field during games.
