# Cheryl Doo-good
## 
### Pat Tower 
"Apathetic" is one word that
cannot be used to describe
Cheryl Doo.
Anyone who has been to a
Cardinal women's gymnastics
meet this season has certainly
heard Doo's powerful voice of
fering encouragement to her
teammates.
Freshman teammate Julie
Dunhill summed it up best:
"She's our loudest supporter.
Whenever we go to a meet and
she's not there, you can tell
the difference — it's really

quiet. She really gets you
motivated."
Others were quick to step in
to support Dunhill's assertions.
"[Doo] is a real cheerleader,
and in terms of getting
everybody psyched up, it's im
portant," Stanford Coach
Homer Sardina said.
Teammate Shari Evenson, a
junior, said, "Her voice, not
just in what she says, but in
the constant effort that she
makes in continuing to say
things, really helps."


Maria Gallegos — Daily file
Junior Cheryl Doo is as vocal as she is talented.
