# THURSDAY
## 
### 
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
A Knight on Socrates — Prof. Sir
Kenneth Dover, knighted for serv
ice to Greek studies, reviews the
new book "The Trial of Socrates"
in today's Books section. Page 8
Prof. Marion Lewenstein discusses
internship opportunities in jour
nalism today at noon at The Daily's
office. All interested are encour
aged to attend. Lunch will be pro
vided.
