# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
■0
i
Procrastination does
not pay, no not never,
not when today, 1-31,
is the ultimate day in
January and also the
final day in Roos/
Atkins’ swinging store
wide sale, featuring
tremendous bargains
in every department
of the premises, from
suits to socks, shirts,
slacks, sportcoats,
sweaters, you name if.
So get in today, hear?
This is the END.
■
■
I
I
ROQS/ATKINS
