# Upperclass Coeds May Petition AWS Housing
## 
### 
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
Upperclass women who are dis
satisfied with their present resi
dences may now complete a peti
tion and submit it to the recently
organized Court of Appeals of (he
AWS Housing Committee for con
sideration.

Cases in which a gir l Iras dr awn
a high number several times and
has di'opped out of the drawing,
and instances in which a girl has
been placed in a residence low on
her preference list are the types
of situations which the committee
expects to review.
Petitions may be obtained at
the AWS Desk in the ASSU Of
fice, and should he completed and
returned to the desk by Feb. 12.
The committee will then study the
cases and notify girls of its deci
sion one week before this quar
ter’s drawing, to be held Feb. 28,
