# Columbia Program Is Peace Corps' In Eastern Africa
## 
### 
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
Operating with similar objec
tives as the Peace Corps the
Teachers College of Columbia
University has established a pri
vate program to send teachers to
East Africa. This program will
recruit, train, and send 100 teach
ers in 1963, joining about 270
teachers sent during the past two
years.
No teaching experience or
training is necessary to join the
program, only a bachelor’s de
gree is required. Teachers are
needed in the fields of physics,
chemistry, biology, mathematics,
English, history, and geography.
Preference in selection is given
to unmarried applicants, but
some married teachers are chosen
and they receive travel allow
ances for their dependents. The
minimum salary for persons with
no teaching experience is $3200
per year. There are also terminal
leave and gratuity payments, tax
exemptions, and supplemental al
lowances for housing, clothing,
and medical care.
COMPARED WITH the Peace
Corps, the Columbia program has
less glamor, less publicity, fewer
political implications, and con
siderably higher salary. Also,
members of private programs are
frequently greeted with less sus
picion by the Africans than teach
ers sent by the United States gov
ernment.
Members of the Columbia pro
gram teach in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanganyika, and Zanzibar. The
need for education in this part
of the world is extreme, and most
teachers in Africa are genuinely
inspired by the enthusiasm of
the students and their overpower
ing thirst for knowledge. About
one half of the school-age child
ren throughout East Africa enter
school; because of shortages of
schools and teachers, the educa
tional system is extremely com
petitive, and only a fraction of
those who hegirr in primary
school can complete twelve years
of education.
