# Farm Speech Ass'n Wins League Meet
## 
### 
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
For the second eonsccutive year,
members of Stanford's Speech As
sociation have won the mythical
sweepstakes award at the Pacific
Forensic League Conference, held
over the weekend at Corvallis, Ore.
Anthony Hillbruner, Stanford fac
ulty adviser to the association, was
elected president of the league for
the coming year.
The 30th annual conference in
cluded participants from ten col
leges.
