# Mervyn LeRoy Series Speaker
## 
### 
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
Mervyn Leßoy, motion picture di
rector and producer, will be the
Tuesday Evening Series speaker at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Leßoy will speak on "Entertain
ment and Showmanship," with spe
cial films as illustration. The direc
tor's son, Warner Leßoy, is direct
ing the Ram's Head Spring Show.
Among Leßoy's outstanding pic
tures are "Little Caesar," "I Am a
Fugitive from a Chain Gang," "An
thony Adverse," "Wizard of Oz,"
"Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo," and
"Quo Vadis."
He is credited with the discovery
of Clark Gable, Edward G. Robin
son, Lana Turner, Robert Mitchum,
and Audrey Hepburn.
A native of San Francisco, Leßoy
began his movie career as an actor
at the age of 12. Following an all
round apprenticeship as scenarist,
wardrobe man, and camera man, he
became one of the youngest di rec
tors in Hollywood at 27.
Leßoy has both produced and di
rected pictures.
