# Submissions
## 
### 
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
Letters should be kept as brief as
possible and are subject to editing.
They must include the author's
signature and phone number.
Pseudonyms and initials will not be
used.
All submissions must be typed
double-spaced on a 57-character line
and sent to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, California 94305.
