# Adv. 5 Page 56
## 
### 
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
Miss your family?
Read about mine at
www.joyce-rowley.blogspot.com
A nice family with two children,
needs baby sitter M,T,W 1-6pm
Must have valid drivers license
beginning July/ Aug. Thank you!
amandabpires@hotmail.com
Seek loving after school nanny
sy/o girl on campus 4-6hrs/day
homework driving activities
isegal@stanford.edu
