# Adv. 67 Page 14
## 
### 
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
■ i •
X • I ■ 1
|1 . •
Ice Skating champion Dor
othy Hamill, the 1976 U.S.
Olympic Gold Medal winner
now with the Ice Capades,
also is a dedicated American
Cancer Society volunteer.
"Contribute now," she says,
"we want to wipe out cancer
in your lifetime."
