# Housing Group To Hold Panel On Initiative
## 
### 
The Stanford Students for Fair
Housing, a campus organization
recently formed to fight the
proposed Housing Initiative, will
present a panel discussion on the
Initiative and the Rumford Act
tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 in the
Large Lounge of Tresidder.
Members of the panel will be
Robert McAfee Brown, professor
of Religion: Charles Myers, pro
fessor of law and an expert on
property law; John Howard, past
president of Palo Alto CORE;
Howard Lowis, a Palo Alto real
tor, and Ann Weaver, president of
the Stanford YWCA.
The Stanford Students for Fair
Housing hopes to alert the com
munity to the implications of the
Initiative. Its adoption in Nevem
ber would not only repeal the
Rumford Act, but would also void
all future legislative attempts to
regulate discrimination in hous
ing.
The Students for Fair Housing
plans to cooperate with local Bay
Area committees active in th e
campaign against the Initiative.
The Mid-Peninsula committee will
open an office on Emerson Dr. in
Palo Alto to distribute informa
tion about the Rumford Act and
its significance.
Among the activities planned by
the Stanford group itself are a
series of panel discussions to be
held until November, and support
of a housing survey to determine
the attitudes of home and apart
ment owners toward minority
group occupancy. Those who
would like to participate in the
work of the organization should
contact Bob Pickus, chairman, at
321-3121, ext. 547.
