# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
To the Editor:
Wlio is this superior individual by the name of
Wilbur Johnson? He must really be a learned person!
While I agree in principle to his point (letter in
the Daily for Wednesday, April 29th), his attitude
certainly shows a rather juvenile and narrow outlook.
- DAVID W. JOHNSON
