# JUNIOR, SENIOR NINES PLAY OFF POSTPONED BALL CONTEST TODAY
## 
### 
Junior and senior baseball teams
will meet this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on the freshman diamond. The
game was first scheduled for Wed
nesday of last week but because of
the short notice given the class of
ficers, both classes mutually agreed
to postpone the game until Friday. As
the managers could not get their
teams organized for that date the
game was put off until today.
The game should be close and well
played or at least an improvement
over the brand of ball displayed in
the freshman-sophomore contest, for
the seniors and juniors have had
nearly a week more in which to prac
tice. Both managers refuse to say
anything about their respective teams
other than that they have a goodly
number of experienced men lined up.
The seniors have not released any
report of what their battery will be,
hut, according to Naumes, junior
manager, Brown will probably catch
and Smalling will pitch for the third
year men.
