# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchcn. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile sou Hi of Mayfield
