# Skiers Wanted For Coast Competition
## 
### 
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
Winter sports enthusiasts, espe
cially skiers, must see Jim Reynolds
today if they expect to enter the
competition in the two major meets
this winter.
At Yosemite sometime in January
or February, the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate Ski Union will hold its
annual meet. The Pacific Coast Con
ference ski meet will come March 27
and 28 at Rainier National Park.

Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of George Montag, '38.
