# DEGREE APPLICATIONS DUE
## 
### 
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
Candidates for the bachelor of arts
degree at the close of the present
quarter are requested by the Regis
trar's office to file applications as
soon as possible. Application blanks
may be obtained at the Information
Desk in the Registrar's Office.

1
The size of your bruin, scientists
say, is just nbout two-thirds that of
your head.
