# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For some time past the engineer
ing and science clubs of the Uni
versity have been advocating the
idea of a journal devoted entirely
to their interests and serving as a
criterion of their work. The idea
is of interest and importance to a
large portion of our students and
will continue to increase in im
portance with the expansion of the
University. The need of such a
journal lias long been felt, and
the enterprise should be pushed
through to success before the
semester closes.
For some time past the engineer
ing and science clubs of the Uni
versity have been advocating the
idea of a journal devoted entirely
to their interests and serving as a
criterion of their work. The idea
is of interest and importance to a
large portion of our students and
will continue to increase in im
portance with the expansion of the
University. The need of such a
journal lias long been felt, and
the enterprise should be pushed
through to success before the
semester closes.
For some time past the engineer
ing and science clubs of the Uni
versity have been advocating the
idea of a journal devoted entirely
to their interests and serving as a
criterion of their work. The idea
is of interest and importance to a
large portion of our students and
will continue to increase in im
portance with the expansion of the
University. The need of such a
journal lias long been felt, and
the enterprise should be pushed
through to success before the
semester closes.
For some time past the engineer
ing and science clubs of the Uni
versity have been advocating the
idea of a journal devoted entirely
to their interests and serving as a
criterion of their work. The idea
is of interest and importance to a
large portion of our students and
will continue to increase in im
portance with the expansion of the
University. The need of such a
journal lias long been felt, and
the enterprise should be pushed
through to success before the
semester closes.
