# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the meeting of the S;m .lose
Carnival Commit tee, which is called
for tomorrow in room 10 at 1:80
p.m., the proposition of a full rep
resentation from the track team to
compete at the Carnival will be
discussed.
At the meeting of the S;m .lose
Carnival Commit tee, which is called
for tomorrow in room 10 at 1:80
p.m., the proposition of a full rep
resentation from the track team to
compete at the Carnival will be
discussed.
At the meeting of the S;m .lose
Carnival Commit tee, which is called
for tomorrow in room 10 at 1:80
p.m., the proposition of a full rep
resentation from the track team to
compete at the Carnival will be
discussed.
At the meeting of the S;m .lose
Carnival Commit tee, which is called
for tomorrow in room 10 at 1:80
p.m., the proposition of a full rep
resentation from the track team to
compete at the Carnival will be
discussed.
