# NO DAILY DEAD WEEK
## 
### 
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
The Daily will not be published
during "dead week." Any announce
ments for the remainder of winter
quarter should be turned in to The
Daily immediately. Publication will
be resumed Mar. 28.
