# Matches Today In Mural Mat Tourney
## 
### 
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
Elimination bonis in the intra
mural wrestling tournament will
continue today. All weight classes
are to lte run off and all semi
final matches must he complete
today.
Final matches will he held to
morrow in all weight classes ex
cept (lie 121 and 12N. The 12N
pound finals will lie held today.
