# 'Monk' Flies High as California's Scoring Attempt Fails
## 
### 

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)

This spectacular football action picture shows California attempting 10 score a field goal in its game against Stanford. After driving down the
field Sparks, California end, tried for the three points with Blower (24), ace back of the Bears, holding. Moscrip (2:5) is shown leaping high info
the air after evading the block of Meek (411). California quarterback. Rej nolds (15), Stanford tackle, was blocked while Chapman (4S), California
half, guarded Rouble (5), Stanford guard. (Associated Press Photo.)
