# Union Prices To Be Discussed by Club
## 
### 
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
Group discussions following up
tho results of the Ex Committee on
prices at the Union, and the rela
tion of the Union to the students
will be held 'ov the Walrus Club at
the beginning of the next quarter,
according to Jim Healh, president
of the club.
Also to be discussed is the Stan
ford Honor Code and the grade sys
tem. Members of the club will not
hold any more meetings this
quarter.
