# Weaver Announces Novel Dance Plans
## 
### 
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
Tho winter quarter Peg Dane
will bo unique, Winstead Weaver,
president of Ham's Head Society,
sponsor of the dance, promised yes
terday. "We will have a 'stages l .'
line in addition to the regular stag
line, and 'stagosses' will probably
be admitted at 10:30 o'clock for SO
cents," Weaver says. "Regular ad
mission will be $1 per couple."
"Stars from ilic Gaieties will en
tertain during !he course of the eve
ning, if so desired by the audience,"
he added.
