# QUAKE HITS INDIA
## 
### 
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
RANCHI, India, Nov. 26 (A 3 ). —A
severe earth shock was recorded to
day at Hazaribagh, 45 miles north
of here, but no damage was reported
immediately.
