# GERMAN SPY SHOT
## 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
BERLIN, Nov. 2C> (/Pi.—Albrecht
Spiess, 29, of Berlin was executed
at dawn today for betrayal of mili
tary secrets. Details of his ease
were withheld.
