# JOBS AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
Several Iv.shing jobs are avail
able.- for Thanksgiving Day at th 1
sfndent employment office, an
nounced Mrs. Irene Coverley, cm
p'oyment dinctor. There are als.)
several regui; r hai hing jobs, and
(,nite a nitml cr of room and board
iobs.
