# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


Lost
Saturday's football
game to UCLA
by three points.
page 11

on
the education commission,
Donald Kennedy has a few
things to say.
page 4

campus
Bookstore sells
plush vacation hideaway
in Twain Harte.
page 14

WEATHER
Today Partly
cloudy, mid 60s
to high 80s.
Tuesday: Sunny,
mid 60s to low
80s


