# Excom to Discuss Political Ruling
## 
### 
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
Tonidit'j Excom meeting will b<
devoted lo a discus-ion »>f ma'bin
ery for programs that would permi
political speakers on campus. Ex
com got the green light, when thi
previously banned area was openet
by a ruling of the Board of Trus
tees at their March meeting.
Currently under consideration i
a non-political club headed Ly i
student - faculty committee.
