# KZSU Hits Air Again on Monday
## 
### 
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
Monday will maik the Hut day of
broadcasting this quarter for the
Stanford station) KS&SU. Broadcast
time will be from 7 to 11 cveiy eve
ning d Urine the week witli penal
program, of classical mu'-.ic sched
uled for Sunday.
Mpginniny Monday night, the ''"red
Waring ('ampus Show will nml'.e It:;
campus debut. K.ZSU liao re-rhed-i
tiled <i that program. by the other
We I Coa: • college ;,tatioiu can he
re-broadcast here.
