# UNIVERSITY BULLLETIN.
## 
### 
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Barbarians, Stanford
j Field, 3:30.
Sophomore Cotillion, Enclna Hall,
! 7:30.
Monday.
Quadrangle Club meets at Chi Psi
house, 9:30.
