# Columbia Students To Be Watched.
## 
### 
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
i The Columbia authorities have de
cided to abolish the system of allow
ing each professor to give his ex
aminations in his class-room. Here
after, all will be given in the gym
nasium, in charge of a proctor ap
pointed especially for that purpose.
This is the result of complaints that
some professors keep a stricter su
pervision than others on students
during examinations.
