# FINDS LOCK OF GUN BROKEN.
## Gunsmith Makes Discovery Which Supports Theory That Silent Met Death By Accident. 
### 
Gunsmith Shilling, to whom was
intrusted the examination of the
shotgun found in Felt Lake shortly
aftef- llie mysterious death of Ches
ter Silent, reports that he finds the
spring connecting with tlie left (rig
ger broken. As the left barrel was
the one exploded, this discovery ap
pears to substantiate the theory that
Silent met his death through acci
dent. Shilling states that with the
left, hammer pulled to full cock, the
slightest jar, acting through the bro
ken spring, would have served to dis
charge the weapon.
Sheriff Langford is of the opinion
that Silent had the gun cocked, and
not knowing how easily it would be
exploded, jarred it.in some manner
while it was pointed at his head.
