# Economist To Lecture
## 
### 
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
Dr. Frank A. Burchardt, noted
British economist will discuss
"Britain's Economic Dilemma" for
this week's Tuesday Evening Se
ries program. He is currently
teaching economics at Stanford as a
visiting professor from Oxford Uni
versity. Dr. Edward S. Shaw, head
of Stanford's Department of Eco
nomics, will introduce him. The
talk will begin at 7:30 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
Dr. Burchardt is a Fellow of Ox
ford's Magdalen College and direc
tor of the Oxford University Insti
tute of Statistics. The Institute is
currently devoting considerable
time to a study of postwar economic
developments in Britain. It issues
the most reliable quarterly esti
mates of British national income
available.
Recurrent economic crises have
plagued both Tory and Labor gov
ernments in England since the war,
particularly in maintaining the bal
ance of payments in trade with the
United States.
