# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly identified Sylvia
Wohlmut, an administrator in
the Departments of French and
Italian and Spanish and Por
tuguese as her son Kyle, an
employee in the Department of
Linguistics.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly identified Sylvia
Wohlmut, an administrator in
the Departments of French and
Italian and Spanish and Por
tuguese as her son Kyle, an
employee in the Department of
Linguistics.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly identified Sylvia
Wohlmut, an administrator in
the Departments of French and
Italian and Spanish and Por
tuguese as her son Kyle, an
employee in the Department of
Linguistics.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly identified Sylvia
Wohlmut, an administrator in
the Departments of French and
Italian and Spanish and Por
tuguese as her son Kyle, an
employee in the Department of
Linguistics.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly identified Sylvia
Wohlmut, an administrator in
the Departments of French and
Italian and Spanish and Por
tuguese as her son Kyle, an
employee in the Department of
Linguistics.
