# Minow To Speak On TV Industry
## 
### 
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
Newton Minovv, former chair
man of the Federal Communi
cations commission, will dis
cuss "Television — the In
dustry, the Government and the
Public" at the seventh Stanford
Law Forum tonight at 8:00 p.m.
in History Rm. 214.
Minow, author of the recently
published book, "Equal Time:
Private Broadcasters; the Public
Interest," will answer questions
put by Professor Donald Turner,
visiting professor of Law from
Harvard, Mr. Richard K. Block.
Vice-President and General Man
ager of Kaiser Broadcasting Cor
poration, and members of the
audience.
