# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.

BUILDING PROGRAM — Plans have been
completed on the new Hoover Institu
tion Library, seen here in the architect's

drawing. The building is planned as a
needed addition to present Hoover
Tower archives. Over $1.5 million of the

estimated $1.8 million cost has been
raised through private contributions.
Completion date is set for 1967.
