# CANDIDATES FOR DEGREES
## 
### 
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Monday.
Aug. 9. Application blanks may be
obtained at the information win
dow.
