# Southern California League Reception.
## 
### 
About one hundred and twenty
five students from San Diego,
Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino,
Los Angeles, Ventura, Santa Bar
bara, Kern, and San Luis Obispo
counties, which form what is geo
graphically known as "Southern
California," assembled in Roble
Saturday evening under the aus
pices of the Southern California
League. A general introduction of
the students from the Sunny South
was effected, and many and pleas
ant were the reminiscences of home
brought U}) to one by the sight and
speech of his old near-neighbor.
The meeting was also enlivened by
a series of pantomime exhibitions
that were ludicrous and mirthful
in the extreme. Refreshments con
sisting of cake and ices made from
Southern California citrus fruits
were served.
it is the present intention of the
League to give a second arid more
formal affair some time during the
second semester now that its mem
bers are better known to one an
other.
About one hundred and twenty
five students from San Diego,
Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino,
Los Angeles, Ventura, Santa Bar
bara, Kern, and San Luis Obispo
counties, which form what is geo
graphically known as "Southern
California," assembled in Roble
Saturday evening under the aus
pices of the Southern California
League. A general introduction of
the students from the Sunny South
was effected, and many and pleas
ant were the reminiscences of home
brought U}) to one by the sight and
speech of his old near-neighbor.
The meeting was also enlivened by
a series of pantomime exhibitions
that were ludicrous and mirthful
in the extreme. Refreshments con
sisting of cake and ices made from
Southern California citrus fruits
were served.
it is the present intention of the
League to give a second arid more
formal affair some time during the
second semester now that its mem
bers are better known to one an
other.
About one hundred and twenty
five students from San Diego,
Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino,
Los Angeles, Ventura, Santa Bar
bara, Kern, and San Luis Obispo
counties, which form what is geo
graphically known as "Southern
California," assembled in Roble
Saturday evening under the aus
pices of the Southern California
League. A general introduction of
the students from the Sunny South
was effected, and many and pleas
ant were the reminiscences of home
brought U}) to one by the sight and
speech of his old near-neighbor.
The meeting was also enlivened by
a series of pantomime exhibitions
that were ludicrous and mirthful
in the extreme. Refreshments con
sisting of cake and ices made from
Southern California citrus fruits
were served.
it is the present intention of the
League to give a second arid more
formal affair some time during the
second semester now that its mem
bers are better known to one an
other.
About one hundred and twenty
five students from San Diego,
Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino,
Los Angeles, Ventura, Santa Bar
bara, Kern, and San Luis Obispo
counties, which form what is geo
graphically known as "Southern
California," assembled in Roble
Saturday evening under the aus
pices of the Southern California
League. A general introduction of
the students from the Sunny South
was effected, and many and pleas
ant were the reminiscences of home
brought U}) to one by the sight and
speech of his old near-neighbor.
The meeting was also enlivened by
a series of pantomime exhibitions
that were ludicrous and mirthful
in the extreme. Refreshments con
sisting of cake and ices made from
Southern California citrus fruits
were served.
it is the present intention of the
League to give a second arid more
formal affair some time during the
second semester now that its mem
bers are better known to one an
other.
