# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
BONES
HAMILTON
Invites all Stanford men
to a preview today of the
Spring and Summer 1936
styles of riorsheim Shoes
3W\XS"
SHOE STORE
A pair of Florsheims will
be given away free.
See advertisement on the
sports page for details.
L
