# STRAY SHOT KILLS BOY
## 
### 
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
LYNWOOD, Jan. 13 (/I 5 ).—A stray
bullet from an unidentified rabbit
hunter's gun was blamed today for
the death of Earl Duplisea, 11.
