# Cuban Kidnapers Demand $50,000
## 
### 
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
HAVANA, Jan. 13 (/I 3 ).—A small
son of Paulino Gorostiza was kid
naped today and held for.; ) 0,000
ransom, half of which has been
paid.
The kidnapers threatened to kill
the youth unless $50,000 was paid
within one hour. The family de
livered $25,000 within the time
limit jmd agreed to pay the balance
tonight, it waa disclosed.
