# NAME REAR ADMIRALS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 (/P). —
President Roosevelt today nominat
ed Captain George J. Meyers, Ed
ward J. Marquart and Gilbert J.
Rowcliff to be rear admirals.

The bandits in Persia were exe
cuted by being moulded into a
quicklime statue and left standing
by the roadside.
