# University Press To Publish Books By History Faculty
## 
### 
A heavy publishing schedule and a
diversified list of titles including
science, medicine, history, and lit
erature are in store for the Stan
ford University Press for the rest of
the year.
Of special interest to Callfornians
will be the Life of Joaquin Miller"
by Martin S. Peterson, and "Ex
press and Stagecoach Business in
California" by O. O. Winther, of the
Department of History.
Professor D. Harris' also of the
history department, manuscript on
Diplomatic History of the Balkan
Crisis from 1875-1877 will be pub
lished, as well as "Twenty-six Lead
Soldiers," a typographical textbook
for use in schools of journalism, by
Hartley Jackson.
Allogcther 11 or 12 books will be
published in the spring.
