# BAWLOUT PROOFS TODAY
## 
### 
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
Proof-sheets of (he winter quarter
Bawlout will ho posted on the Ad
ministration Building bulletin un
til 5 o'clock today and the Regis
trar will accept corrections up to
that time.
