# New Members of Masquers To Be Announced At Play
## 
### 
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
Masquers' society held its first j
meeting of the quarter Tuesday after-1
noon, at 4 o'clock, in the Women's j
Clubhouse. New members were elect- i
ed whose names will appear on the j
programs of the play to be presented
by the organization in the Assembly
Hall, next week.
