# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prof. Robs will lecture before the
Woman's Congress at Stockton to
morrow on ''Education for enjoy
ment." He will consequently be
unableto meet his class inHociology.
Prof. Robs will lecture before the
Woman's Congress at Stockton to
morrow on ''Education for enjoy
ment." He will consequently be
unableto meet his class inHociology.
Prof. Robs will lecture before the
Woman's Congress at Stockton to
morrow on ''Education for enjoy
ment." He will consequently be
unableto meet his class inHociology.
Prof. Robs will lecture before the
Woman's Congress at Stockton to
morrow on ''Education for enjoy
ment." He will consequently be
unableto meet his class inHociology.
Prof. Robs will lecture before the
Woman's Congress at Stockton to
morrow on ''Education for enjoy
ment." He will consequently be
unableto meet his class inHociology.
