# Another Prize for Stanford.
## 
### 
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
Miss Mabel Brown, '00, recently
won a prize in the Examiner story
competition. Her story. "The
Hold-off Claim," of which the plot
is laid in the mining districts of
Alaska, was published in the
Weekly Examiner of January 2d.
