# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
It has been an established cus
tom for the students in the Univer
sity to attend the finals of the
Carnot debate. Tomorrow evening,
for the seventh time, a team is to
be selected from among the ablest
speakers Stanford possesses which
must assume the honor and respon
sibility of again upholding the
Cardinal against the University of
California. That the older mem
bers of the student body will lend
encouragement to the debaters and
spirit to the contest by their pres
ence is a foregone conclusion; we
would simply remind the forty
seven men and women who are
just beginning to learn Stanford

ways that the University expects
them to be at the chapel at 7:30
tomorrow night. We cannot all
debate, but we can help make de
baters.
