# Festival Choir Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
The first meeting of the Festival
Choir is to be held in the chapel
tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. All music
will be provided. Mr. Scott-Brook
will be assisted at the piano by
Miss Edythe R. Gossett, who is a
graduate of the King Conservatory
of Music, San Jose, and who is a
newly-registered student of the
University.
