# Gaieties Talent Search Entering Second Day
## 
### 
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
The search continues for (iaie
ties talent. Tonight marks the
second night of singing tryouts,
and tomorrow night all dancers
will show their talent before Di
rector Hob Ashley and the other
judges. Singers are asked to
bring their own music, and a
pianist will be on hand to ac
company those who need an ac
companist.
Actors and laughmakers will
audition Monday and Tuesday.
All auditions take place in the
Ram's Head room in the rear of
the Memorial Auditorium starting
at 7:15 p.m. All participants and
stage crew workers will be award
ed points toward Rain's Head
membership, and a Ram's Head
plaque will be awarded to the
living group supplying the most
<iaieties talent and crew work
ers.
