# Farm Fencers Face Funke
## 
### 
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
Sparkplugged by three returning
lettermen, the Stanford Fencing
team goes up against the Funke
Fencing Academy in the first match
of the season in the Men's Gym Fri
day night at 8.
Fred Williams, Alfred Larson, and
James Crooker are the three vet
eran Indian foilsmen on Coach El
wyn C. Bugge's team, while Robert
Smith, David Erenson. Deam Whit
low. Phil Mitchell and Grbhnm Con
roy are the remainder of the squad
from which the team will be chosen.
