# Klahoya to Hold Post-Rally Dance
## 
### 
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
KJahoya Club, a group of oIT-cam
pus women, will bold a post-rally
dance featuring a Wild West theme
Friday night in the upper lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse. Men from
Encina, Toyon, (bo Village, and
Delta Tau Delta .will be guests.
During the intermission, Eleanor
Sather will give a reading and Eliz
abeth Spies, accompanied by Mary
Lamb, will dance. Cider and dough
nuts will be served.
Miss Elva Brown, chief counselor
for women, spoke at a meeting of
the club last Tuesday, urging extra
curricular schol activities of all
types, so that the women can be
come acquainted with other campus
groups.
