# Oils by Sheffers Shown at Gump's
## 
### 
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
Landscapes of the Pacific North
west painted by Peter Winthrop
Sheffers are being shown at the
Gump Art Galleries in San Fran
cisco from Oct. 10 to Nov. 9.
Mr. Sheffers' paintings show
unique simplicity, yet people fa
miliar with Oregon and Washington
have been able to recognize his
paintings of mountain streams and
Jordan Valleys.
Among his 19 paintings are those
entitled "Rugged Grandeur," Eve
ning Star," and "A Gap in the Rim
rock."
