# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
i ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
j publication.
