# 60 Farm Middies In European Cruise
## 
### 
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
Sixy midshipmen of the Stanford
Naval ROTC unit are currently
participating in Midshipman Cruise
Baker in European waters, it was
announced by the Navy last week.
The cruise includes 12 naval ships,
ranging in size from destroyer es
cort to cruiser.
Stops at Edinburgh, Scotland;
Copenhagen, and Oslo are planned.
