# EWELL GETS LEAVE
## 
### 
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of Stan
ford Research Institute, announced
that a leave oi absence has been
granted Dr. Raymond H. Ewell to
become assistant director for pro
gram analysis in the National Sci
ence Foundation, Washington, D.C.
