# Quadicisms
## 
### 
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
Don l'VlironlwclMT, history
professor, discussing California's
motion picture industry: "Back in
1913 Mary Pickford was making
$1000 a week, which was pretty
good then ... in fact, it wouldn't
be so bad to receive that now."
