# U.C.'s Line-up.
## 
### 
Nothing has definitely been an
nounced as to the line-up of the
Berkeley eleven. The most prob
able make-up is as follows: Craig
and McNutt, ends; Simpson and
Ludlow, tackles; Greigsburg and
Walthall, guards; Carr, center;
Kennedy, quarter; Hall and Sher
man, halves; llansome, full.
Nothing has definitely been an
nounced as to the line-up of the
Berkeley eleven. The most prob
able make-up is as follows: Craig
and McNutt, ends; Simpson and
Ludlow, tackles; Greigsburg and
Walthall, guards; Carr, center;
Kennedy, quarter; Hall and Sher
man, halves; llansome, full.
Nothing has definitely been an
nounced as to the line-up of the
Berkeley eleven. The most prob
able make-up is as follows: Craig
and McNutt, ends; Simpson and
Ludlow, tackles; Greigsburg and
Walthall, guards; Carr, center;
Kennedy, quarter; Hall and Sher
man, halves; llansome, full.
Nothing has definitely been an
nounced as to the line-up of the
Berkeley eleven. The most prob
able make-up is as follows: Craig
and McNutt, ends; Simpson and
Ludlow, tackles; Greigsburg and
Walthall, guards; Carr, center;
Kennedy, quarter; Hall and Sher
man, halves; llansome, full.
Nothing has definitely been an
nounced as to the line-up of the
Berkeley eleven. The most prob
able make-up is as follows: Craig
and McNutt, ends; Simpson and
Ludlow, tackles; Greigsburg and
Walthall, guards; Carr, center;
Kennedy, quarter; Hall and Sher
man, halves; llansome, full.
