# CLUB GRANTS PRIVILEGE TO TRAVELING WOMEN
## 
### 
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
For the benefit of the University
women who expect to travel East this
summer the Chairman of the Non-Res
ident Membership Committee of the
American Association of University
Women has notified the office of the
Dean of Women that those visiting
Washington. I). C., may have their
meals at the organization's National
Club, 1 GO7 H Street, NW. This priv
ilege is open lo women of Ihe 1922,
1023, and 1924 classes, each with a
letter from her Dean of Women or
President of the University giving her
name, class, and home address. The
hospitality of (he club was so deeply
appreciated by the undergraduates last
Easter that the house committee has
arranged for the extension of the priv
ilege to the long vacation. The invi
tation is a valuable one if only for fi
nancial reasons, as the prices are ex
orbitant. in that city at the present
time.
