# INTERFRATERNITY CONFERENCE ELECTS TWO NEW OFFICERS
## 
### 
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
Officers for the all quarter were elect
ed at the regular meeting of the lnter
fraternity Conference Monday. Walter
Snook, '20, was elected president, and
H. L. Wrenn, '21, was elected secretary
treasurer. Snook is a Sigma Nu, and
Wrenn a member of Phi Delta Theta.
Comptroller Roth addressed the con
ference on the advisability of inaugurat
ing a wholesale grocery buying plan. Mr.
Roth's plan provides for a general pur
chasing agent in San Francisco who will
receive orders from the various living
groups of the campus and purchase food
supplies in San Francisco at rock-bottom
prices, and have them billed and de
livered to the organization ordering
them. From the wholesaler's check re
ceived in payment for the foodstuffs, a
deduction of one or two per cent will
be made and turned into a fund held in
trust by the University. This fund will
be used to guarantee payment to the
grocers of all bills contracted by the
living groups.
The plan was turned over to a com
mittee of the conference with instruc
tions to work out the details and report
on the practicability of it.
Other business which occupied the at
tention of the conference included a
discussion of scholarship plans sub
mitted by the scholarship committee, de
signed for raising the scholastic average
of the fraternities; and the passage of
two motions which are intended to gov
ern in certain practices "incident to rush
ing.
The first of these motions gives per
mission. as far as the conference is con
cerned, for freshmen matriculating this
summer, t oestahlish residence' in any
fraternity house which runs a table dur
ing the summer quarter. The second
motion extend sto Sequoia Hall the rule
of the conference which prohibits more
than two men from the same fraternity
calling at the same time on a freshman
in Encina Hall.
As this was the last meeting of the
current quarter the offices were turned
over to the new incumbents, and the
meeting adjourned.
