# E. R. MARTIN
## 
### 
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
Ed. R. Martin, '18, graduate manager,
zvlio will continue in charge of athletic
competition next year.


—Pictorial Photo
