# NEW OFFICERS NAMED FOR IOTA SIGMA PI
## 
### 
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
Seven new members were initiated
into lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
honor society, last night, at the home
of Marguerite Eiskamp, '20, in Palo
Alto. The initiates have all been elected
during the quarter; they are: Honora
McCarty, '22, Pearl Pouppirt, '23, Mart
garct Carlsmith, '22, Mildred Hall, '23,
Mary Lomax, '22, Alice Sevry, gr., and
Leon a Mayer, '23.
Following the initiation ceremony, a
short business meeting was held in
which these officers for next year were
elected:
Ruth Lee, '22, president; Honora Mc-
Carty, '22, vice-president; Pearl Poup
pirt, '23, secretary; Mary Lomax, '32,
treasurer.
Ruth Lee was elected to attend the
national convention of lota Sigma Pi,
which is to be held in Berkeley on Au
gust 4, 5, and 6, at which the constitu
tion of the organization will be largely
revised.
