# Art Group of Carmel Artists Is Exhibited
## 
### 
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
A collection of paintings by Carmel
artists will he the exhibit at the Art
Gallery commencing today, and con
tinuing until the twenty-sixth of this
month.
