# John A. Sellars, '21, Receives Cross of Honor
## 
### 
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
According to information received
here today, John A. Sellars, '12, has
heen awarded the Cross of the Legion
of Honor. Sellars was an ensign in
the navy and served as Aide to Ad
miral Wilson at Brest, France. While
at Stanford he was a major in the
Romanic language department Jn
which he was an instructor after
graduation. He is a member of Sigma
Chi.
