# LEGISLATION RAISES STANDARD OF BAR
## 
### F.S. Reeder, '22 
STANDARDS for admission to the
bar were raised this week, when
Governor William D. Stephens signed a
bill passed by the legislature, providing
that all law students must complete
three years of study before taking the
law examination. The bill was drafted
and submitted by the Committee on
Legal Education of Admission to the
Bar, which was appointed by the Cali
fornia Bar Association. Professor A.
M. Cathcart.of the Stanford Law
School is a member of this committee.
The measure is inclusive of two dist
inct feature. In the first place, the
period of study before taking the ex
amination is increased by one year.
Secondly, the examinations are to be
given by a board of bar examiners,
which will be appointed by the State.
The men will be specialists in their line

of work, and the examinations will he
uniform throughout the State. Previ
ous examinations have varied a great
deal because the judges of fthe Appel
late Courts made up the tests. No per
son may serve on this hoard who is
connected with a law school of the
teaching of law.
The raising of the requirements for
a man to practice law in the State of
California gives the college man a
distinct advantage. The university
course in law requires the person to
take legal work for three years before
getting his J. D. degree, so no hard
ship is being placed on the student.
But a large number of individuals take
up law at night schools by self-directed
study or by going to some two-by-four
law school. This extra year require
ment will work a hardship on them,
