# QUAD MANAGEMENT TO SELL COUPONS MONDAY
## 
### 
Because of recent difficulties in the
publication of the 1920 Quad, Manager
J. T. Murphy announces that coupons for
the purchase of the Junior yearbook will
he sold on the campus next Tuesday.
Originally it was planned not to sell the
books before their actual appearance on
the campus, but because of the delay in
priming it was found advisable to offer
the receipts for sale Tuesday, and to
guarantee delivery to purchasers on or
about June 1.
Less >han 700 copies of the Junior book
will be disposed of in this way, as the
remaining books are already sold to
alumni and to off-campus people. Stu
dents desiring to be certain of obtaining
a 1919 Quad are advised to secure a
coupon early on Tuesday. The exact
place of sales will be announced on
Monday. The price is set at $3.50 on the
new yearbook.
