# EXCOM POSTPONES MEETING
## 
### 
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
Executive Committee will not meet
tonight, according to ASSU President
Barbara White. Announcement of the
next meeting will be made in the
Stanford Daily.
