# Basil McGann, '26, And Alice Dodds, '25, Marry
## 
### 
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
Miss Alice Dodds, Stanford '2">,
and Basil MeGann, Stanford '21],
were married last week at the
Stanford Chapel before n small
group of relatives. Reverend Oscar
Green, pastor of the All Saints'
Episcopal Church, officiated at the
wedding.
Mrs. MeGann is the daughter .>1
Mrs. H. G. Dodds of I'alo Alto, and
was a member of the Chi Omega
r.ororitv. MeGann was a member ot
the I'lit Kappa Sigma fraternity.
