# QUAD RECORDS FOR SENIORS SHOULD BE IN BY JANUARY 10
## 
### 
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
Senior records to he printed in
this year's Quad should be turned
in before January 10, since after
this date only information in the
bawl-out will be used, announced
Stan Milne, editor of the Stanford
yearbook, yesterday. Record blanks
may be obtained at the Women's
Clubhouse or at the Quad editorial
office, and should be mailed to the
Senior Editor, Box 100, immediate
ly after being tilled out.
There is room in the senior sec
tion for only fourteen more senior
records, and the old adage, "First
come, first served," will be the pre
vailing policy, Millie said.
Sorority, fraternity, and eating
club pictures must be taken before
January 29, and Milne suggests
that, members of these campus or
ganizations be photographed as
soon as possible in order to avoid
a last-minute rush. Anyone desir
ing information about pictures is
requested to call the Quad office
any afternoon, or from 7 to 8 in
the evening.
