# Cattle Rustling By Truck Becoming Serious Menace
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6. (/P)â€”
Progress has spread its magic palm
into cattle rustling, that time-hon
ored practice in which he-men
donned their six-shooters and
flirted with the law.
From the days of a pinto pony
and the lariat, this profession has
advanced with bootlegging and bor
der smuggling into the motor truck
stage, the chauffeur replacing the
cowpuncher.
With the rise of the motor truck
the Cattle Protection Service to
day found it necessary to announce
the transfer of part of its activi
ties to truck drivers, now able to
' transfer their load more than 100
miles in a single night. To check
this highway robbery, the depart
ment intends to arrest'all cattle
truck drivers who do not hold a li
cense to transport livestock.
