# Untitled Article
## 
### 

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.

I.D. HOVER (left), owner of Ciro's night club, and
i;t. M. K. Sims stand amid the wreckage of Hover's
omc in Beverly Hills. Calif., aftk-'r a boinb was
iiirled into a front bedroom. No was injured in

the blast. which shattered windows of nearby dwel
lings, including those 01 James Roosevelt and Carmen
Miranda.
