# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
BAY AREA—Mostly cloudy with
occasional light rain today and to
morrow; little change in tempera
ture; moderate to fresh southerly
wind.
