# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
Two thousand three hundred and
thirty-three Japanese students were
studying In other countries in 1916.
