# EX-SERVICE MEN GET SCHOLARSHIP FROM M.E. CHURCH
## 
### 
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
The Methodist Episcopal Church,
through its Home Missions and Church
Extension, offers scholarship aid to
ex-service men and women who might
otherwise be unable to pursue college
work during the academic year 1920-21.
This is a continuation of a plan for
such aid which has been in operation
during the present year. Students ap
plying for this War Emergency
Scholarship Aid for next year must
have been honorably discharged from
service in the United States govern
ment or its Allies during the war,
must be members of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, must show promise
of useful service or leadership, must
furnish a statement of his financial
resources for the year showing his
need of additional funds, and must
meet certain requirements which are
outlined in the application blank.
These blanks for new applicants
may be obtained from L. M. Lepper,
1701 Arch Street, Philadelphia, and
application for aid must be in the
Board's hands by November 1. 1920.
