# LECTURES ON LEGAL ETHICS ARE GIVEN BY O.K. CUSHING
## 
### 
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
The lawyer's obligation to the com
munity and to his clients was the
theme of a series of lectures delivered
last week in legal ethics by O. K.
Gushing, a prominent lawyer of San
Francisco. Cushing stated that the
relationship of ti.e lawyer to his cli
ent should always he of a confidential
nature. The matter of judicial advice
to clients even at a monetary loss to
the lawyer was discussed. Various
problems of the lawyer just entering
his profession were outlined by the
speaker, such as the question of ad
vising a client to settle out of court
when the lawyer is assured that this
action would mean a monetary loss to
himself.
The importance of locating with a
recognized law firm and of protect
ing one's reputation in the practice
was stressed by Cushing. Several ex
tracts from the proceeding of the
American Bar Association and from
the State Constitution of California
relating to the professional ethical
qualifications of the lawyer were read
by the speaker.
Cushing is a member of the Com
mittee of the California Bar Associa
tion on Legal ethics and for several
years has been at the ehead of tho
Associated Charities of San Francisco.
