# MURRAY TENNIS LIST TO CLOSE WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
Forty-five men have signed up so
far for the "Lin" Murray Trophy Tour
nament, which is to start immediately.
Mfty lias been set as the number which
is desirable for the tournament, so that
a few more entries will be accepted u~
until Wednesday, when the lists will be
closed.
The lists are posted at Encina Gym
nasium, and entrants may sign there.
Since this is a scratch tournament, all
men who play tennis are urged to enter.
