# Mercury Reaches High Mark.
## 
### 
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
One of the most oppressive per
iods of hot weather that has been
known at Stanford is being experi
enced this week. A series of warm
days in September is not an un
usual occurrence, but the exceeding
heat of yesterday and to-day is ex
ceptional.
Readings were taken at several
places on the campus and all of
them were close to the one hundred
mark. At the drugstore the
thermometer registered 104 degrees
in the shade at two o'clock. On the
quad the temperature was notice
ably cooler, being but 98 degrees.
The same temperature was regis
tered in the Physics building, but
was not as high .in all the rooms.
