# Advance Quad Sale At Reduced Rates To Open Tomorrow
## 
### 
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
An advance sale of the 1925 Quad
will open tomorow at Engineering
corner, and continue through Friday
of this week. The sale is open to the
general student body. Quads will be
sold nowhere else during the three
days.
The Quad is being offered at the
reduced rate of $5.50, to be paid at
the time of purchase. After this week
the Quad will cost $6.00, and may be
paid for in two installments of $2.00
and $4.00.
