# DON LIEBENBORFER IS ELECTED DAILY PALO ALTO EDITOR
## Managing Editor Selected by Decisive Vote to Head Paper 
### 
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
Donald E. Liebendorfer was elected
editor of the Daily Palo Alto by mem
bers of the staff, in the semi-annual
election held this afternoon in the
Daily Palo Alto office, by a vote of
46 to 7!/2- His term of office, beginning
this Friday, will continue to the end
of the college year.
Liebendorfer joined the stuff in his
sophomore year, serving as reporter.
He was promoted to the capacity of
desk editor in the spring quarter of
1922 where he had charge of the sport
department. He has been active as
managing editor of the publication
since the first of October, 1923.
Liebendorfer is a member of the
Stanford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary journalism fraternity, and
the American Journalists Association.
He is a contributor to campus publica
tions, and a news correspondent for
the Oakland Tribune.
