# Hits Bull's Eye From Auto Cop Fires as Engine Runs Modern Car Is Vibrationless
## 
### 
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
Present-day officers must be trained
to shoot from the wheel as well as
from the hip.
Police Officer H. W. Holmes, 1925
champion revolver shot of the Los
Angeles Police Department, recently
demonstrated the absence of vibration
in the modern automobile by drilling
six bullets through the bulls-eye of a
regulation target while shocking from
his car with the motor running at full
throttle.
Officer Holman made perfect target
groups while shooting from the front
seat, while sitting astride the car hood
and using the front fender as a rest
for his pistol arm.
The car used was a Chevrolet tour
ing model which Officer Holman pur
chased recently. The unique target
practice was held at the police revol
ver range in Griffith Park, Los An
geles. The marksman observed all of
the rules governing regular target
practice except that he shot from the
automobile.
