# Trojan Debate Team Goes Through Season Unbeaten
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA—(P.I.P.)—The Univer
sity of Southern California debating
team defeated the University of Ne
vada by a unanimous decision of the
judges, thereby preserving an unde
.feated record for the season in the
face of a schedule that included some
of the stiffest opposition in the coun
try. Leland C. Tallman and William
Berger represented S.C. at the final
contest.
