# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
READE
Fortraifreur
Exclusive Photography
h\f\ 1
\
Ivory Tone Portraits at a
special price to Stanford
Students
3 for $10.00
Regular Price $17.50
17.°» University Ave.
Palo Alto
PA. IX2I
•
1521 Slireve Bldg.
San Francisco
Sutter 1172
