# DR. ROTH REPORTS ROBERT MARX, '34, STRICKEN BY POLIO
## 
### 
Definitely suffering from poliomy
elitis, Robert H. Marx, '34, will be
confined to the Stanford Hospital
in San Francisco for the rest of this
quarter at the least, reports from
the hospital and Dr. E. F. Roth yes
terday revealed.
Marx's case, it is said, is by far
the worse of the two yet definitely
diagnosed as poliomyelitis on the
rampus. Patty Baker, '32, the only
other case reported here, is now in
the Palo Alto Hospital recovering
rapidly and satisfactorily. Marx was
removed last Thursday to San Fran
cisco from the Stanford Isolation
Hospital where he was taken Wed
nesday suspected of having polio
myelitis.
Every precaution in the manner
approved by the state board of
health to prevent the spread of the
disease is now being taken, Dr. C. E.
Shcphard of the University health
service said.
