# CANINE DEVELOPS SKILL AS PUPIL OF IKE WALTON
## 
### 
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
OWOSSO, Mich., Oct. 30. (/P)
—Every season has its crop of
fish stories, and thei'e are
plenty of dog stories in the
clay's news, but a combination
fish and dog story is something
a little out of the ordinary.
Edward Redant, of Owosso,
has a fish-catching police dog.
The animal wades out into the
river here at a point where it
is shallow, watches intently,
then suddenly shoves his nose
under water and comes up with
a fish.
Several witnesses to the dog's
lish-catching ability are ready
to back up Edward's assertion,
among them Roger Williams,
local fireman, who says he saw
the dog catch three fish during
half an hour's wading in the
river.
