# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
STUFF
YOU I
NEED
Fresh bottle of ink •
New fountain pen (or
ball point) • Fresh, un
scribbled-on binder 9
Spiral notebooks •
Drafting supplies (if
you're an engineer) •
Carbon paper • Scratch
paper 0 Readng lamp
•And lots of other sta
tionery-type stuff •
FROM
Condon & Crome
OFFICE SUPPLIERS A
STATIONERS
University at Ramona
