# SPANISH 26
## 
### 
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
Beginning with the second class
meeting on Thursday, Mr. Maggi
pinto's S2G (Second - Year Spanish
Grammar and Composition) will be
held in Room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages Building).
