# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Rosemarie Frey, '53, to
Lloyd Rosenfeld, '52, an economics
major.
