# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Jean Nordstrom, '51, to
Tom August, DU, a student in the
Stanford Medical School. They plan
an August wedding.
