# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."

"Can't we make it a night to remember? From now on it's bed
at nine, special food, no dating—football practice begins, ya
know."
