# Library Regulations Announced
## 
### Jack Plotkin 
Stanford students regis
tered during spring quarter
and planning to return for
fall quarter, may withdraw
books from the Stanford li
braries during the summer.
Presentation of spring
quarter student body cards,
validated by the circulation
division, will be required.
This validation may be ob
tained at the service desk,
circulation division, every
weekday between 8:30 and 4.
Cards will be validated only
for those students remain
ing in the area, and the stu
dents will be subject to nor
mal circulation rules.
Those students graduat
ing in June and not plan
ning to return are consider
ed alumni. As such they
should apply for the alumni
cards and pay the usual fee.
