# Brooks Appointed
## 
### 
E. Howard Brooks has
been appointed vice-provost
of Stanford University,
President Wallace Sterling
reported to the Academic
Council at its final meeting
of the year Friday, June 10.
Dr. Brooks, at Stanford
since 1949, will succeed Dr.
Robert J. Wert, who request
ed last January to be reliev
ed of his duties to allow
more time for teaching and
research. Dr Brooks' new
appointment is effective
Sept 1.
Dr. Brooks, a native of
Salt Lake City, was educat
ed through the doctorate in
history at Stanford. He has
played a major role in the
development of Stanford's
international program as
associate provost for inter
national studies. He has also
served as assistant director
of admissions, direction of
the summer session, and as
associate dean of the grad
uate division.
From 1959 to 1965 he was
executive secretary to the
key faculty-staff Commit
tee on University Policy
(COUP). Since 1963 he has
been executive assistant to
Vice-President and Provost
Frederick E. Terman, who
retired last August.
