# RUBBISH FIRES
## 
### 
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
j Two rubbish fires, one on Palm
Drive and the other in the rear ot
the Union, were extinguished yes
terday by the Stanford fire depart
ment.
