# Aleman Arrives At Washington
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP).—
President Miguel Aleman of Mexico
arrived today at 4:56 (EDT) for a
three-day visit with President Tru
! man, and the nation's capital cut
loose with a thundering welcome
for the debonair "Good Neighbor"
from below the Rio Grande.
Handsome, youthful Aleman, first
Mexican president to visit Wash
ington, flew here in Mr. Truman's
private plane, the Sacred Cow, es
corted by a flight of 14 B-29 Super
i loi tresses that rendezvoused with
his ship over the New Orleans area.
! Formations of "Shooting Star" jet
figl tors circled overhead and the
?uns of the famed 82nd Airborne
Division boomed out a 21-pun sa
lute as he alighted at Washington's
national airport to be greeted by
President Truman, the cabinet and
thousands of cheering onlookers.
