# ALUMNUS TO WED
## 
### 
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
Theta Upsilon of the University of
California recently announced the
engagement of Irene Kilgore to Wil
liam H. Shallenberger, Stanford '34,
a member of Phi Delta Theta. They
will be married May 29 in the Me
morial Church.
