# Stock Market Topples As Senate Wars Over Budget
## 
### 
NEW YORK, May 31. (/P)â€”The j
securities markets toppled into one j
of the most severe declines on the j
year today, as uncertainties sur- j
rounding fiscal legislation and the |
fall of the Bruening Government in |
Germany weighed heavily upon Wall j
Street. Share prices closed with [
numerous losses of 1 to 4 points.
The stock market started to rally, |
coincident with President Hoover's ;
appearance before the Senate to urge j
balancing of the budget. President '
Hoover's expression of approval of ;
the general manufacturers excise 1
tax, which has been so strongly j
advocated in Wall Street, was fol
lowed by defeat of that proposal by j
the Senate finance committee, but
even before that action, the list had
started downward again.
