# SEQUOIA AND CHAPPIE WILL BE OUT JANUARY 21.
## 
### 
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
B. O. Bliven, '11, editor of the Chap
arral, announces that the initial num
ber for this semester of the campus
comic will be off the press on January
21.
The first issue of the Sequoia for
1911 will also appear about the same
date. The editor, P. E. Hill, '11, is
now busy arranging the material for
the January number and will conduct
the magazine along the lines of last
semester.
