# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
Farm golf addicts should take
shot at the All-University toun
being run this quarter by the
team. The object of the tounn
to seek new members for the v
sity squad.
