# MSA Preamble
## 
### 
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
WE. THE STUDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, DESIRING
. ... to maintain academic freedom and student rights, to
stimulate and improve democratic student governments, to
develop better educational standards, facilities, and teaching
methods, to improve student culiural, social, and physical
welfare, to promote international understanding and fellow
ship, to guarantee to all people, because of their inherent
dignity as individuals, equal rights and possibilities for pri
mary, secondary, and higher education, regadless of sex,
religion, political belief or economic circumstance, to foster
the recognition of the rights and responsibilities of students
to the school, the community, humanity, and God, and to
preserve the interests and integrity of the government and
Constitution of the United States of America, do hereby es
tablish this Constitution of the United States National Stu
dent Association.
