# Firemen Apply 'Cool Water' Theme; Songsters Get 'The Old Mill Stream'
## 
### 
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
A rift in Pan - SUFD relations
blazed up Wednesday night as the
hook - and - ladder boys literally
squelched an effort on the part of
the Acornette songsters from the
Oaks to create peace and harmony
at the doors of the Firehouse.
As the multitude of voices below
broke out singing "I Don't Want to
Set the World on Fire," the smoke
eaters returned the honor with
their version of "Singing in the
Rain"— curtain of water out the
the second-story window.
Dispensing with an encore, the
Acornettes withdrew to the con
fines of "Home Sweet Home," while
the red buggy boys swung into ac
tion.
Climbing on their big red fire en

gine, the volunteers followed, play
ing a jet of liquid upon the front
door of the Oaks. Then, while the
gals settled down to the "Blues in
the Night," the hosemen retreated
to the tune of "It Ain't Goin' to
Rain No Mo'."—A. IVI.
