# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
COLLEGE SMOKE
SHOP just received a
new shipment of pipes
to sell at
$1.00 AND $1.50
They are real values
and worth more money
hut we priced them to
sell rapidly.
Also—Black Beauties,
a novelty cigarette
holder, only—
25c EACH
See Them!
Ellis H. Werthman
123 University Avenue
