# B. R. BAUMGARDT WILL DISCUSS STAR STUDY IN TUESDAY LECTURE
## 
### 
Educated in Sweden, B. R. Baum- â– 
gardt, who will discuss the stars in
Tuesday's evening lecture, undertook j
special study in history, astronomy,
and mathematics.
"An Evening with the Stars" is j
Baumgardt's best-known lecture, and
one of the foremost popular lectures
on the American platform. The speak
er has served as staff lecturer at the
Brooklyn Institute, the American In
stitute of New York, the League for
Political Education of New York, the
National Geographic Society of Wash
ington, and at other institutes.
Baumgardt is an extensive lecturer,
traveler, and explorer, and has been
connected with numerous scientific
organizations such as the Oregon
Academy of Sciences, of which he was
secretary in 1892. In 1901-5 he served
as president of the Southern Califor
nia Academy of Sciences.
