# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
University of Minnesota football
teams use more than 150 footballs
annually.
