# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
Nearly 55,000 opossums were
caught in Australia this year.
