# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
The following fraternities are
scheduled for Quad photos to
day at the Watson studio, 520
Salvatierra:
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Sigma Kappa
Sigma Alpha Kpsilon
George Waters, head photo
grapher of the yearbook, has
called a meeting of his assist
ants and others interested in
the work at 7:15 o'clock tomor
row night in the Quad office.
