# JOBLESS PARADE THROUGH CHICAGO'S LOOP
## 
### 

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)

This picture shows a part of the mob of thousands of "hunger marchers" who paraded through Chicago's
downtown streets. Waving banners, the jobless gave an orderly demonstration against reduced relief appro
priations. (Associated Press Photo)
