# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
SUNDAY
DINNER
When you go out for dinner, Ret
the habit of "Dinner at Wilson's."
Enjoy your favorite dishes with
COOD COFFEE. Hot biscuits and
delicious home-baked pics and
cakes.
iW/UJOT/Z
■ im*7 wtoith a coutit muni*
