# LONG â€“ RANGE TELESCOPES
## 
### 
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
The telescope of the University of
T'ixas McDonald Observatory could
photograph a man 3,000 miles away
if it were not for the curvature of
die earth.
