# RESEARCH BUILDING
## 
### 
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
The Ruth Lucie Stein Research
Building, an added unit of the Stan
lord University School of Medicine
at San Francisco, was formally
opened October 12, 1939. Mrs. Stern
presented the laboratory in the name
of her daughter.
