# Girls To Skate With Dibble Men
## 
### 
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
Roller skating with the boys from
Dibble is one of the new projects
with the Dibble patients for the
Stanford girls. Skating will take
place today from 1 to 4. The Dibble
bus will pick up thos? girls inter
ested in front of Branner at 1.
Girls interested in going skating
today or on future Fridays should
call Cathy Jones, 2-2151, or Lou
Wallace, 3121.
