# Nazi Papers Are Displayed
## 
### 
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
A set of copies of the Nazi paper
"Der Stuermer." from the paper's
own office, is on display in the Hoo
ver Library. Julius Streicher, Nazi
gauleiter of Franeonia in Nurem
berg, was the editor of the paper.
This famous anti-Semitic Na/i is
now awaiting trial in a Nuremberg
jail. The collection was presented
to the Hoover Library several
months ago by Technical Sergeant
E. J. Cramer.
Also on display is a reproduction
of a water color painting done by
Adolf Hitler about 1915. It was
secured in Germany by Staff Ser
geant Samson B. Knoll, a Stanford
alumnus.
A bookplate from the library of
the German Chancellery is also on
exhibit. This bookplate was used
only during the period of Hitler's
chancellorship.
In another display case are texts
of some of Herbert Hoover's latest
speeches, including the one he made

on November 10 commemorating the
"Twenty-fifth Anniversary of Ra
dio."
