# Biology classes
## 
### 
808 Henry's argument that
Stanford is a preprofessional
school ("New Majors Needed,"
Daily, Jan. 12) is well taken: in
deed, establishing a pre-med
major might reduce the competi
t;on in biology classes to some
degree.
However, the columh also fos
tered several misconceptions
concerning the Department of
Biological Sciences at Stanford
and these deserve to be clarified.
The establishment of a pre
med major would not affect the
biology curricula at all. As with
every scientific discipline, biol
ogy is very broad in scope and
subject matter.
The bio core at Stanford at
tempts to impart a strong
background in molecular, or
ganismal and population biol
ogy for majors to use in their fu
ture studies, regardless of what
specific interests might be. This
diversity of topics is not a crea
tion of Stanford's faculty; this is
"real" biology in the modern
context.
Of course, the student in
terested in animal behavior may
weep with bordom in a genetics
lecture, just as a pre-med will
curse and struggle through a
course containing plant
physiology. But anyone who
wishes to become a biologist in
spirit or by a university degree
does so by virtue of these
studies.
In addition specific fields in
biology interact both evolutio
narily and practically; the study
of any specialty will necessarily
include concepts from others.
A large percentage of biology
majors ore pre-medical students.
Statistically, however, it makes
absolutely no difference which
major a pre-med chooses when
anticipating medical school ap
plications. A humanities major
is as likely to be accepted as a
science major.
Presumably, then, a student
will choose a biology major be
cause he or she is interested in

Artero, et. al
the life sciences. There are pre
med biology majors who focus
their attention on plants or
marine invertebrates and pre
lawyers interested in molecular
genetics and organismal de
velopment
It S's also true that the depart
ment does not offer a wealth of
classical biology courses. This is
partly a consequence of the re
latively small number of faculty
and partly a reflection of modern
trends in biology itself.
Students who find the availa
ble courses are insufficient for
their interests are urged to con
sult with the student advisers in
the Biology Bridge (T252, Herrin
Hall) and faculty within the de
partment to develop individual
study programs or initiate new
courses.
(Mary Artero, Hon Burton, Paul
LaVeau, Cam is Mi Inn and DaVe
Sartoris are members of the
Biology Bridge.)
