# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
| I I
165 University Avenue
EYES EXAMINED
By DR. MATHEWSON
Experienced Optometrist
j | |
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
1
