# FORCED TO PAY DUES
## 
### 
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
Sophomores at the University of
Nevada are being assessed a dollar in
order to make up a deficit in the funds
for their annual hop. A barricade in
the form of a table has been placed at
the entrance to the university and all
who pass there must either prove that
they are not sophs or pay their assess
ment. The receipt is as necessary to a
soph as a "bible" is to a frosh. The
determination of the committee indi
cates that the hop will be one of the
best ever.
