# STATION ADDS SERVICE
## 
### 
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
Excavations were begun Friday at
the campus service station for a pit
to be used for crank base service. The
pit will be used solely for this pur
pose, and will not be available for
amateur student mechanics. Another
step toward better service will be
made in the near future when a stock
of accessories and parts will be car
ried. The station is superintended by
members of the lire department during
their free hours.
