# 1928 Festivities to Be First Week in December
## 
### 
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
Sophomore Week, bringing with it j
the sophomore play and Cotillion, will |
be observed during the first week of,
December, according to plans of the
executive board of the class of 1928. |
The Cotillion, which is an annual
custom, is the campus formal of the
autumn quarter. Plans for the play are
under way, and committees for the !
Cotillion will be selected within a
short time.
