# MINING GRADUATES CONDUCT RESEARCH
## 
### 
, Several graduates of the Mining de
partment did research work in Alaska
last summer. Among these are Frede
rick D. Hanson, who has returned to
the campus, and E. E. Maillot, who re
mained in Alaska for the winter, with
the United States Smelting and Refin
ing Company.
Maillot took his degree in mining
engineering last June and left soon
after for Nome, Alaska, where he
served as junior engineer, doing re
search work on methods of thawing
frozen gravels in a deposit owned by
his company. Maillot worked with min
ing graduates from the University of
Washington, the University of Califor
nia, and the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology. He was chosen to re
main during the winter.
Hanson went to Alaska in July with
J. J. Beason and F. C. Cameron, both
graduates in geology. The party made
an examination of the Engineer gold
mine, which is situated about a hun
dred miles inland from Skagway,
Alaska. The work consisted in the col
lection of samples and the making of
maps. One of the engineers of the
party was killed in the mine.
