# Adv. 26 Page 7
## 
### 
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
BRAUN
BEAUTY
Best buy: high-quality
natural fibers such as wool,
cotton, challis. silk. They
last a long time, and feel
good on the skin.
Use mineral nil or oil-based
cream to remove eye
makeup.
♦ * *
Shaving cream is an
effective face wash for men:
it's less drying than soap.
* * *
Bare dress for a special
occasion? Don't forget to
smooth your skin.
especially where it will
show. Scrub with a granular
cleanser and massage with a
loofah sponge.
Party tip: a white wine
spritzer, instead of a
screwdriver, will save
nearly 100 calories.
Good-looks tip: have your
hair styled to flatter your
face at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
