# OFF THE TRACK!
## 
### 
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
The athletic fields on the Stanford campus constitute a permanent
endowment for the benefit of the students. It is then evidently to the
interest of the students to preserve this property in prime condition.
If we do this we will moreover by enabled to witness more creditable
athletic performances. The immediate application of all this is "Keep
off the track." In leaving the track bleachers it will be but slight in
convenience to depart by the prescribed route instead of digging - up
the oval at the very point where a fast surface is most essential. This
rnotto applies not only on days of meets but at all times: "Keep oft the
track."
