# DEPRESSION BUILDS TEAM
## 
### 
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind„ Nov. 1(J
t/P)—Hard times are proving a boon
to football camps of many northern
Indiana high schools. Unable to find
jobs, a number of prep stars who
quit school a year or two ago have
returned, particularly in towns
throughout the steel mill belt.
