# BLAST OPENS HOOVER DAM TUNNEL
## 
### 


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.


Muddy waters of the turbulent Colorado river pouring into the first of four great diversion tunnels (lef
after 150,000 pounds of dynamite tore down the barrier (right) sealing the mouth of a diversion tunnel on tl
Arizona side of Black Canyon above the Hoomer dam site.
