# POLES IN ANTI-JEW RIOT
## 
### 
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
WARSAW, Poland, Nov. 16 (/Pi—
Anti-Jewish rioting continued in
Polish universities today. At Lwow,
nineteen students wore sentenced to
jail for fighting the police.
