# TROTZKY SNUBS SOCIALISTS
## 
### 
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 16 (TP)—

Leon Trotzky was guarded by a cor
don of Greek police when he ar
rived here today. He refused to re
ceive a a delegation of Marxian
Socialists.
