# Bolton To Talk On Southwest Indian
## 
### 
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
Dr. Herbert Bolton will present a
talk on "Tlie Indian Country of the
Southwest" next Tuesday night at
7:30 in the Assembly Hall. The
speech, which is one of those pre
sented regularly by the Committee
on Public Exercises, will be illus
trated by some of Dr. Bolton's own
slides.
The lecturer, Stanford's professor
of American history from 1909 to
1911, former president of (he Ameri
can Historical Society, and a mem
ber of the American Geographical
Society, is now the head of the his
tory department and director of the
Bancroft Library at (he University
of California.
Dr. Bolton, author of a great many
books on Spain and the colonization
of North and South America, wrote
"Him of Christendom," a biography
of Eusebio Kino and the story of his
caravan which was the first body of
men to reach the Pacific by crossing
California.
