# PLEDGING ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Robert Wallace, '38.
