# FARM LOOKS ON ...
## 
### 
THRONGS of Salinas lettuce strik
ers were broken up last night as
police resorted to gas-bomb meth
ods. Arrested strikers, as the re
sult of yesterday's skirmishes,
numbere u 43.
KKBIX TROOPS mustered together
their strength early this morning
for a hurried drive at Madrid.
Rumors of a Russian blockade of
Portugal accelerated action.
CANDIDATE LANDON moved out
of Michigan yesterday as Roose
velt came in. The President was
greeted by thousands at the steps
of the Detroit city hall, while Re
publican greeters brought trained
elephants to the Peru, Indiana,
railroad station to meet the Kan
sas Governor
FIfiES MENACED Oakland yester
day as terrific windstorms swept
the northern part of the state, tre
mendously increasing the difficul
ties of fire-fighting and spurring
two of the 22 blazes to "serious"
proportions.
