# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
PREPARE THAT CAR
FOR SPRING DRIVING
Lubrication
Our hydraulic lift is in charge
of experienced mechanics; thus
Insuring every necessary part
of your car being thoroughly
oiled and lubricated by men who
"know how" under direct super
vision. No moving part is over
looked.
PALO ALTO GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Proprietor
440-442 Emerson St., Palo Alto
Phone 575 and 576
