# FRENCH SCHOLARS INSURED
## 
### 
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
French educational authorities now
offer accident insurance for children
at 20 cents a year, covering injuries
received on the way to and from school,
up to $2500.
