# PRESENT SITUATION IN GERMANY TO BE DISCUSSED BY LUTZ
## 
### 
"The Present Day Sitviation in Ger
many" will be discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Lutz, professor of history
and chairman of the directors of the
Hoover War Library, in an address at
8 o'clock Tuesday evening, August 23.
He will speak in the Little Theatre.
The public is invited.
Professor Lutz took his A.B. at Stan
ford in 1906, his LL.B. at the Univer
sity of Washington in 1907, and his
Ph.D. at Heidelberg, Germany. He
taught at the University of Washing
ton from 1916 to 1920, and has been at
Stanford since 1920. He is a member of
the American Historical Association
and the American Political Science As
sociation. '
"The Fall of the German Empire,"
written by him, will be published in
October by the Stanford University
Press. Previous to this he wrote "The
German Revolution, 1918-19."

Ten per cent of this year's graduates
of Davidson College, North Carolina,
had grandfathers who attended the in
stitution.
