# SOPHOMORES PLAN TO RAISE CASH FOR DEBT
## 
### 
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
Plans for paying off the class debt were
outlined by Class Manager Charles
White at a meeting of the sophomores
held Tuesday in room 214. The major
portion of this debt was incurred last
spring during the preliminaries of the
baseball fight when an automobile was
wrecked.
According to the plans adopted, an as
sessment of one dollar will be made on
each member of the class this quarter
and next, a box will be placed in the
bookstore in which all sophomores and
others may put their profit-sharing cou
pons, and a dance will be given next
quarter under the auspices of the class.
Peggy Richardson was elected vice
president of the class. President "Nip"
McHosc appointed the following com
mittees : Social committee—Carl Shoup
(chairman), Orion Clark, and Fred
Fisher; fight committee —Joe Clark
(chairman), A1 Lowenstein, G. E. Mc
nees, and Orville Tucker.
