# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
Harvard defeated Princeton, last
Saturday, in the first match of the
Eastern Intercollegiate Soccer league,
by three goals to one. Nearly all of
the big universities play soccer.
