# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
The cost of electricity has decreased
.so much that the amount that rost one
dollar a hundred years ago, now costs
but one cent.
