# PROEFSSOR REYNOLDS BACK
## 
### 
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
Pror'essrir and .Mrs. Leon H. Rey
nolds, with their son, Kenneth, and
Mrs. A. C. Wright, have returned to
the campus after a motor trip in
Oregon. They drove up the Redwood
Highway, crossed the Roosevelt High
way, visited Crater Lake, and re
turned by way of Fallen Leaf Lake.
