# SRI Represented At Security Meet
## 
### 
Three members of the Stanford
Research Institute's staff will at
tend today's opening session of
the Eisenhower - sponsored Na
tional Security Conference in
Washington. D.C.
They are E. Finley Carter, di
rector of the Institute; Dr. Wei
don B. Gibson, assoicate director;
and Edward S. Prentice, manager
of international programs.
Addressing the group of na
tional leaders on "The Foreign
Aspect of U.S. National Security"
will be President Eisenhower,
former President Truman, Vice-
President Nixon, Adlai E. Steven
son. Secretary of State John Fos
ter Dulles, former Secretary of
State Acheson and Secretary of
Defense McElroy.
