# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Douglas (5-10. 178 lbs., 21-
year - old senior from Santa
Monica), in his third year of
varsity competition, is current
ly number one man and North
ern Cal Intercollegiate champ.
Holds victories over ex-NCAA
champ Al Olmedo and Davis
Cuppers Mike Green and Mike
Franks. Ranks with best. Ma
jor: prelaw.

Nelson (6-0, 182 lbs., 20-year
old junior from Chicago, 111.)
should be greatly improved af
ter first year's varsity competi
tion. Has probably top serve on
varsity. Winner in six singles
matches last year and doubled
with Douglas to take six of ten
doubles matches. Plays sum
mer tourney circuit. Major:
undecided.


JACK DOUGLAS


DAVE NELSON
