# Algeria Will Be IIR Series Topic
## 
### 
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
A panel discussion on colonial
ism in Algeria "Colonialism: Al
geria Aflame" will be held to
night in Stern VI lounge as the
sixth of the lIR Current Affairs
Panel series.
Participants in (he panel will
include Salim Abdullah, Indone
sia; Guy Crouzillard, France; Mo
hammed Sheriff, Syria; Vicente
Garcia, Spain; and Mike Asal'o-
Boakye, Ghana.
The program will begin imme
diately after the Stern dinner
hour, or at approximately 6:45.
