# Students Start Biz Service
## 
### 
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
Two Business School students,
Ronald Lyons and James Ferris,
have started a "business infor
mation" service to assist 13ay
Area firms.
For a fee determined by the
size of the job, they provide in
formation on marketing, biogra
phies of businessmen and indus
trialists, reproductions of graphs
and charts, translations of for
eign documents and periodicals,
and historical reports.

Their service is aimed at those
firms which do not have their
own research departments.
They began operating their
"University Business Information
Service" from a post office box
when they learned that the Li
brary is continually swamped
with requests for both foreign
and domestic business informa
tion.
