# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prof. Ward has returned -to
Washington, having won a host of
admirers at Stanford. Those in
particular who attended the re
ception to the members of the
sociology classes of this year and
last at Dr. Ross's last Saturday
afternoon have reason to consider
his visit as one of the memorable
events of this semester.
Prof. Ward has returned -to
Washington, having won a host of
admirers at Stanford. Those in
particular who attended the re
ception to the members of the
sociology classes of this year and
last at Dr. Ross's last Saturday
afternoon have reason to consider
his visit as one of the memorable
events of this semester.
Prof. Ward has returned -to
Washington, having won a host of
admirers at Stanford. Those in
particular who attended the re
ception to the members of the
sociology classes of this year and
last at Dr. Ross's last Saturday
afternoon have reason to consider
his visit as one of the memorable
events of this semester.
Prof. Ward has returned -to
Washington, having won a host of
admirers at Stanford. Those in
particular who attended the re
ception to the members of the
sociology classes of this year and
last at Dr. Ross's last Saturday
afternoon have reason to consider
his visit as one of the memorable
events of this semester.
