# Fencing Team Earns Bronze
## 
### 
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
Stanford's men's fencing team
brought home third place from
the Northern California Inter
collegiate Fencing Association's
1965-66 Electrical Foil Team
Championships held last Satur
day at San Francisco City Col
lege. Ricardo Maduro, Clark
Carr, and Ik Hong provided the
teamwork that functioned so
successfully in the days activi
ties.
The women, JoAnne Paciorek,
Sharon Scofield, and Valerie
Nelson, also fared well, taking
fourth place in the finals.
Perennial rivals at UC at Ber
keley carried away both first
and second places in the wom
en's events while their men's
team was eliminated in the first
round of competition.
