# FLASH
## 
### 
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
Bid sale for the Senior Ball 011
June 17. scheduled for today, has
been postponed until tomorrow
pending the definite selection of
an orchestra. They will sell at
SIO.OO each.
