# HOLWERDA LIVES; QUAD REPORT OF DEMISE REFUTED
## 
### 
Numerous friends of Jack
Ilolwerda, virile, energetic
smoothie and reputed football
star, were grieved yesterday
when it was learned that the
local hoy had met his demise
at the hands of the IM2 Quad
staff. For among the "In iVle
moriam" list iu the biscuit
colored yearbook, appeared in
sad hlack type the name of the
"murderer of the gridiron."
Consultation of the bawl-out,
Registrar's Office, and the
Dean of Men showed, however,
that Ilolwerda was still a vi
talizing force in the Univer
sity. Although he could not be
readied for a statement, his
friends merely stated that "the
good die young."
It is reported that Ilolwerda
did not receive a compliment
. arv copv of the Quad
