# DAILY SCRIBBLERS CEASE GRIND AS FINALS THREATEN
## 
### 
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
Laying aside printer's ink for
some that may run more freely,
members of the Daily will en
joy their annual respite from
the year's hard labor begin
ning tomorrow, when the his
toric sheet ceases publication
for the balance of the quarter.
It is estimated that approxi
mately nine weeks' studying,
and six days' research to each
week, plus five hours' bending
over the books to each day
will be accomplished by about
Iftll members of the editorial
and business stalTs during (lie
next eight days. In rouril
numbers this will mean 27,0 <•
hours of concentrated stu< >
left as yet undone.
All announcements, adver
tisements. or notices sbou J d
and must he in the editorial
office by this afternoon to in
sure publication in the Inst
edition of the Daily. It is ru
mored that local news-gather
ers are well in need of a rest.
