# NO COMPROMISE ON RUM, DRYS DECLARE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
WASHINGTON, June 1.(/ Pi—O
rganized prohibitionists today said
they would wage no compromise
battle on the issue in the forthcom
ing national political conventions.
Asserting "This is the time to
fight," the National Prohibition
Board of Strategy called upon its
friends to serve notice on every
party and candidate that those seek
ing to weaken present liquor laws
by any method can expect "organ
ized, aggressive, relentless opposi
tion."
