# MEXICO ISSUES EDICT
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
MEXICO CITY. June 1. (/P)—All
foreign employees of the National
Railways must become Mexican
citizens within ninety days or be
replaced by Mexican employees, the
Department of Industry announced
today.
