# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
The new orpan In Dlnkelsplel
will be dedicated Sunday, Nov.
5 at 3:30 p.m., not next Sunday
as announced In "The Dally". A
special recital will follow.
