# Mem Aud Hit By Art Thief
## 
### 
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
Four costume design paint
ings were stolen from a Me
morial Auditorium display
sometime between midnight Sat
urday and 8:30 a.m. Monday
morning.
The 10 inch by 16 inch paint
ings are valued at about $25
each.
The theft was reported to the
Stanford police Monday after
noon.
