# STUDENTS ENLIST IN ORDNANCE SERVICE
## 
### 
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
Captain Miller of the ordnance de
partment, U. S. A., spoke to the men
of the Chemistry, Physics, and En
gineering departments yesterday after
noon. As a result of the talk five
Chemistry majors have enlisted in
that branch of the service. They are
George Linn, '18, E. D. Parthum, '18,
William Schaufelberger, '18, Sidney
Schein, '18, and Philip Jones, '18.
Captain Muller has been given per
mission to enlist technical men to
serve in an experiment station in
Maryland. The men are to leave for
the East in two weeks. There will be
opportunity to enlist until tomorrow
night.
