# PALO ALTO PASTOR TO LEAD VESPER SERVICE
## 
### 
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
Dr. Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto, will conduct the vesper services
in Memorial Church choir loft at 4:15
p.m. daily for this week, as Dr. Gard
ner will be unable to be present. The
services will be short and are followed
immediately by the daily organ re
cital. Both new and old students are
urged to attend these daily meetings.
