# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
The 440 in the big meet gives every
assurance of being one of the most
exciting races of the day. Moody of
California, who won last year, is a
veteran .quarter-miler. Maynard has
been showing up particularly well.
He is sure to give Moody the race of
his life, with a fifty-fifty chance of
winning. Both men are credited with
50:1. Everything points to an ex
tremely close and hotly contested
race.
