# DEBATE PLANNED FOR MAY IS DECLARED OFF
## 
### 
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
The debate to which the law de
partment of the University of South
ern California challenged Stanford
women has been called off, according
to a message recently received by
Coach Leib. The debate was to have
taken place sometime in May, but
under present war conditions it was
thought best to give up the plan, with
the hope that a debate may be ar
ranged in the future. Margaret Sliedd,
Margaret McElin, Frances Willis, and
Muriel Edwards had been chosen to
represent Stanford.
