# Band Notice.
## 
### 
Members of the Band who have
instruments belonging to the Uni
versity are requested to hand them
in as soon as possible. Members
can receive their railroad fare to
the Thanksgiving game by calling
at room 17V) Encina on Monday,
Dec. 9. M. L. Anfenger, Mgr.
Members of the Band who have
instruments belonging to the Uni
versity are requested to hand them
in as soon as possible. Members
can receive their railroad fare to
the Thanksgiving game by calling
at room 17V) Encina on Monday,
Dec. 9. M. L. Anfenger, Mgr.
Members of the Band who have
instruments belonging to the Uni
versity are requested to hand them
in as soon as possible. Members
can receive their railroad fare to
the Thanksgiving game by calling
at room 17V) Encina on Monday,
Dec. 9. M. L. Anfenger, Mgr.
Members of the Band who have
instruments belonging to the Uni
versity are requested to hand them
in as soon as possible. Members
can receive their railroad fare to
the Thanksgiving game by calling
at room 17V) Encina on Monday,
Dec. 9. M. L. Anfenger, Mgr.
