# B.A.C. TO CHARTER ROOTERS' SPECIALS FOR U.S.C. CONTEST
## 
### 
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
The Stanford Board of Ath
letic Control is chartering spe
cial trains to carry Stanford
rooters to the U.S.C. game in
Los Angeles on November 3.
Trains will leave I'alo Alto Fri
day evening, November 2, at 7:30
o'clock and wil lreach Los An
geles Saturday morning at 8:30.
A return train to Palo Alto
leaves Saturday at 6:15 o'clock
and arrives at 7:40 Sunday
morning. A second train, leaving
Los Angeles at 6:25 o'clock Sun
day, will arrive in Palo Alto at
7:40 Monday morning.
The round trip ticket will be
$16 without Pullmans. The date
on which reservations and tick
ets can be obtained will be an
nounced later.
