# Harvard Economic Magazine Elects Crum As Next Editor
## 
### 
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
The Harvard Economic Society has
announced the election of Professor
"VV. L. Crum of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business as editor or the
"Review of Economic Statistics." Pro
fessor Crum has been connected with
the society for some time, first as
Director of the Statistical Labora
tory and more recently as Consulting
Statistician.
