# Nevada, Overwhelmed at Berkeley.
## 
### 
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
California overwhelmed the Ne
vada team Saturday with a score
of 29-0. Nevada was outplayed in
every feature of the game, being
able to hold their opponents but
once. The California team showed
wonderful improvement. Over
all's punts averaged forty-two
yards and Smith's playing was of
the spectacular order.
