# NAME-QUAD DEADLINE
## 
### 
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
A limited number of Quads with
names on the covers will be on sale
this week for the last time. They
may be purchased any afternoon at
the Quad office, or Thursday and
Friday afternoons in front of the
post office.
