# MARDI GRAS ROYALTY NAMED
## 
### 
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
Bill Moser and Kay Lloyd were
hosen King and Queen ot Lngu
lita's Mardi Gras formal.
