# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
In 1919 the Senior Ball was held
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jose.
