# Representatives Picked For Inter-Club Council
## 
### 
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
Newly elected eating club repre
sentatives on Inter - Club Council
are as follows:
George Truscott, El Tigre; Herb
Camp, El Campo; Steve Heims, El
Capitan; Lee Sloss, El Toro; Ed
Smith, Los Arcos; Herb Howard, El
Cuadro; and Brook Tauzer, Break
ers.
The new representatives will
elect a council president and secre
tary-treasurer. Herb Camp and Lee
Sloss are presidential candidates.
The secretary - treasurer will be
chosen from among the seven club
representatives.
