# Encina Will Hear Talk on Medicine
## 
### 
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
Medicine will be the topic of Dr.
Russell Lee, director of the Palo
Alto Clinic, when he speaks at En
cina Vocom's second meeting to
morrow night.
The meeting will be held in the
lounge at 7:15 p.m.
Dr. Lee will tell of the require
ments and opportunities of the
medical profession. Although the
meeting is primarily for Encina
men, other students are also in
vited.
