# Co-Recreation Clubs Must Submit Budgets
## 
### 
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
All members of the Co-Recreation
Committee should submit their
budgets for the year 1948-15)49 dur
ing spring quarter.
tions wishing to join the committee
should submit requests to the chair
man, Mary Lou Andreatta; the
president of the Women's Athletic
Association, or the ASSU office.
