# FEW TICKETS SOLD FOR STANFORD-U.C. BASKETBALL SERIES
## 
### 
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
Only JOO rooters's tickets for both
the varsity and remaining freshman
games of the Stanford-California bas
ketball series were sold last Friday
and Saturday at the special rate sale
in the Old Union.
The varsity series will be played
at Kezar Pavilion in San Francisco,
February 21, 24, and 25, while the
freshman game will be played here
next Wednesday night. As no rooters'
tickets will be sold at the gate, all
students without them will have to
pay general admission, one dollar for
the varsity games and fifty cents for
the freshman game.
