# PROFESSOR ALMACK LEAVES TODAY FOR EDUCATION MEETING
## 
### 
Professor John C. Almack of the
Education Department leaves the
campus today for Boston, where he is
to take part in the program at the
meeting of the Department of Super
intendents of the National Education
Association.
Professor Almack expects to visit
friends in Boston for several weeks
before going to the University of
Pennsylvania to attend a school
men's conference.
He intends to visit Johns Hopkins
University, University of Virginia,
Ohio State University, and University
of Cincinnati. On April 20 he will
attend a research conference at the
University of Indiana.
Professor Almack will visit Antiocli
College in Yellow Springs, Ohio, and
a number of mid-western teachers
colleges on his return trip. He ex
pects to return to the campus about
May 10, stopping off for a short time
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia.

One thousand students at the Uni
versity of Syracuse are self-support
ing. Of this number, one-third are
women.
