# "UNIVERSITY AFLOAT" HEAD WILL LECTURE ON CAMPUS TONIGHT
## 
### 
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
James F. Price, president of the
"University Afloat" student body of
192G-27 on the S.S. "Ryndam," and a
Stanford graduate and student, will
relate his cruise experiences at an
open meeting of the Education Club
tonight at 8 o'cioek in the Women's
Clubhouse.
"This occasioi provides an oppor
tunity for everyone interested in the
regular October cruise of the ' Uni
versity Afloat" to get first hand in
formation from a man who had
charge of student affairs on the last
trip," said Professor Henry David
Gray of the English Department,
"Price was the representative of the
floating university when the students
were received at various universities
throughout the world. He addressed
the King of Siam on behalf of the stu
dent group, and made quite a hit with
His Majesty."
After the talk there will be a gen
eral discussion of the October "Uni
versity Afloat," which has a faculty
of fifty professors. Credit in courses
taken is accepted at Stanford.

The University of Illinois claims
the idea of originating homecoming.
