# Y.M.C.A. MEMBERS GO ON HIKE IN REDWOODS
## 
### 
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
Fifteen men went on the Y.M.C.A.
hike on the trail back of the Wood
side Country Club last Saturday. The
party started from the "Y" building
at 1:30 o'clock and returned to the
campus about 9:!10 o'clock. It went
by automobiles to the top of the La
Honda grade where the actual hike
among the Redwoods began.
At dinner time the hikers had a
steak roast which was followed by a
bull session.
