# Untitled Article
## 
### 

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.

American forces added six to 10 miles to Allied holdings in south Sicny
capturing the important Comiso airdrome together with other strategic
points. British troops pressed up east coast toward Catania, and s
decisive battle impended on Catania plains. Shaded area shows approxi
mate territory seized by TAllies.
