# Skull and Snakes Honor Society Is Reorganized
## Eligibility List Is Greatly Enlarged. Public Initiations Are Discontinued. 
### 
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
With the view of inaugurating a
policy which will be mo,re beneficial
to the University, the Skull and
Snakes honorary fraternity has re
cently made some radical changes in
its organization.
Hereafter all men who make their
block "S" at the end of their Soph
omore year or later, the president of
the Student I'ody, president of the
Stndent Conference, president of En
cirii, president of the Circle "S" So
ciety, Editor of The Daily Palo Alto,
Student Adviser, and Graduate Mana
ger will he automatically elected to
the organization. This change is
made in order to widen the scope of
the society, and make it more repre
sertative of the various activities.
The abolition of a public initiation
has also been decided on by the mem
bers of Skull and Snakes, and this
change will go into effect this evening,
when members fo.r the past semester
will be elected and initiated.
