# Juniors Defeat Faculty.
## 
### 
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
The Junior class baseball team
defeated the Faculty this afternoon
by the score of 6 to 0. Rook and
Sales pitched for the Juniors and
Fish was in the box for the Faculty.
