# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
Madrono Hall announces the
engagement of Karlin Hansen.
'56, to Alan Campbell, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon, '56.
