# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Nancy Coe. '56, to
Gainer Pillsbury, Stanford Medi
cal School.
