# Nursing School Director Will Interview Today
## 
### 
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
Women students interested in
nursing will be able to learn
about Stanford Nursing School
today when its director, Miss
Grace Ringressy, will be on cam
pus for interviews.
She will be in Room 1-A, Inner
Quad, from 8:30 to 10:30 a.m.
