# Letters Policy
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
The Daily welcomes letters from its
readers. Letters will be published at
the editor's discretion and are sub
ject to editing. All letters must
include the author's name, phone
number and Stanford affiliation, if
any. Submissions with more than
five signatures must designate a rep
resentative.
Letters should be turned in on a
Macintosh disk in Microsoft Word
format with a copy of the submis
sion.
