# Concert by Nordica.
## 
### 
Arrangements are on foot to have
Nordica and her concert company
appear on the. campus or in San
Jose on her return from the North.
The company of five was at the
Baldwin theatre in San Francisco
live days last week and made a de
cided hit. They received $18,000
from the four concerts in the city
and one in Oakland. Those with
Nordica are Scalchi, Patti's prima
donna; Berthold, who was formerly
with Damrosch and made a bigsuc
cess in Boston as Lohengrin; Demp
sey, who was for several years the
baritone in Grace Church, New
York; and Tuckstone, a pianist of
much merit and a former soloist
with Sousa's Band.
Arrangements are on foot to have
Nordica and her concert company
appear on the. campus or in San
Jose on her return from the North.
The company of five was at the
Baldwin theatre in San Francisco
live days last week and made a de
cided hit. They received $18,000
from the four concerts in the city
and one in Oakland. Those with
Nordica are Scalchi, Patti's prima
donna; Berthold, who was formerly
with Damrosch and made a bigsuc
cess in Boston as Lohengrin; Demp
sey, who was for several years the
baritone in Grace Church, New
York; and Tuckstone, a pianist of
much merit and a former soloist
with Sousa's Band.
Arrangements are on foot to have
Nordica and her concert company
appear on the. campus or in San
Jose on her return from the North.
The company of five was at the
Baldwin theatre in San Francisco
live days last week and made a de
cided hit. They received $18,000
from the four concerts in the city
and one in Oakland. Those with
Nordica are Scalchi, Patti's prima
donna; Berthold, who was formerly
with Damrosch and made a bigsuc
cess in Boston as Lohengrin; Demp
sey, who was for several years the
baritone in Grace Church, New
York; and Tuckstone, a pianist of
much merit and a former soloist
with Sousa's Band.
Arrangements are on foot to have
Nordica and her concert company
appear on the. campus or in San
Jose on her return from the North.
The company of five was at the
Baldwin theatre in San Francisco
live days last week and made a de
cided hit. They received $18,000
from the four concerts in the city
and one in Oakland. Those with
Nordica are Scalchi, Patti's prima
donna; Berthold, who was formerly
with Damrosch and made a bigsuc
cess in Boston as Lohengrin; Demp
sey, who was for several years the
baritone in Grace Church, New
York; and Tuckstone, a pianist of
much merit and a former soloist
with Sousa's Band.
Arrangements are on foot to have
Nordica and her concert company
appear on the. campus or in San
Jose on her return from the North.
The company of five was at the
Baldwin theatre in San Francisco
live days last week and made a de
cided hit. They received $18,000
from the four concerts in the city
and one in Oakland. Those with
Nordica are Scalchi, Patti's prima
donna; Berthold, who was formerly
with Damrosch and made a bigsuc
cess in Boston as Lohengrin; Demp
sey, who was for several years the
baritone in Grace Church, New
York; and Tuckstone, a pianist of
much merit and a former soloist
with Sousa's Band.
