# College Verse.
## 
### 
A new edition of Cap and (/own
is to be published in Boston some
time next month. This is a pub
lication of considerable note, being
made up entirely of college verse
collected from the principal col
leges and universities of the coun
try. No edition has appeared
since 181)1, and as much new ma
terial has accumulated since then,
it is expected that the new edition
will be much larger and better than
any yet published. Arrangements
have been made through Mr. C. K.
Field, '95, to have Stanford rep
resented in this volume. At the re
quest of the publishers he will for
ward in a few days a quantity of
Stanford rhyme selected from the
publications of recent years. The
verse is to be light and typical of
life at the university which it
represents.
A new edition of Cap and (/own
is to be published in Boston some
time next month. This is a pub
lication of considerable note, being
made up entirely of college verse
collected from the principal col
leges and universities of the coun
try. No edition has appeared
since 181)1, and as much new ma
terial has accumulated since then,
it is expected that the new edition
will be much larger and better than
any yet published. Arrangements
have been made through Mr. C. K.
Field, '95, to have Stanford rep
resented in this volume. At the re
quest of the publishers he will for
ward in a few days a quantity of
Stanford rhyme selected from the
publications of recent years. The
verse is to be light and typical of
life at the university which it
represents.
A new edition of Cap and (/own
is to be published in Boston some
time next month. This is a pub
lication of considerable note, being
made up entirely of college verse
collected from the principal col
leges and universities of the coun
try. No edition has appeared
since 181)1, and as much new ma
terial has accumulated since then,
it is expected that the new edition
will be much larger and better than
any yet published. Arrangements
have been made through Mr. C. K.
Field, '95, to have Stanford rep
resented in this volume. At the re
quest of the publishers he will for
ward in a few days a quantity of
Stanford rhyme selected from the
publications of recent years. The
verse is to be light and typical of
life at the university which it
represents.
A new edition of Cap and (/own
is to be published in Boston some
time next month. This is a pub
lication of considerable note, being
made up entirely of college verse
collected from the principal col
leges and universities of the coun
try. No edition has appeared
since 181)1, and as much new ma
terial has accumulated since then,
it is expected that the new edition
will be much larger and better than
any yet published. Arrangements
have been made through Mr. C. K.
Field, '95, to have Stanford rep
resented in this volume. At the re
quest of the publishers he will for
ward in a few days a quantity of
Stanford rhyme selected from the
publications of recent years. The
verse is to be light and typical of
life at the university which it
represents.
A new edition of Cap and (/own
is to be published in Boston some
time next month. This is a pub
lication of considerable note, being
made up entirely of college verse
collected from the principal col
leges and universities of the coun
try. No edition has appeared
since 181)1, and as much new ma
terial has accumulated since then,
it is expected that the new edition
will be much larger and better than
any yet published. Arrangements
have been made through Mr. C. K.
Field, '95, to have Stanford rep
resented in this volume. At the re
quest of the publishers he will for
ward in a few days a quantity of
Stanford rhyme selected from the
publications of recent years. The
verse is to be light and typical of
life at the university which it
represents.
