# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At (he meeting of the athletic
committee hist night Professor An
gell was present and took occasion
lo commend Manager Brown for
the way in which he had managed
the football interests of Stanford
this year. Professor Angell said
that the highest compliment he
could pay to the management was
simply to announce that it had not
heen necessary to call a single
meeting of the faculty committee
on athletics during the entire sea
son. Those students who have
watched the efficiency of the foot
hall management this year know
that this compliment is highly
deserved, and will he glad that a
faithful service has heen recognized.
At (he meeting of the athletic
committee hist night Professor An
gell was present and took occasion
lo commend Manager Brown for
the way in which he had managed
the football interests of Stanford
this year. Professor Angell said
that the highest compliment he
could pay to the management was
simply to announce that it had not
heen necessary to call a single
meeting of the faculty committee
on athletics during the entire sea
son. Those students who have
watched the efficiency of the foot
hall management this year know
that this compliment is highly
deserved, and will he glad that a
faithful service has heen recognized.
At (he meeting of the athletic
committee hist night Professor An
gell was present and took occasion
lo commend Manager Brown for
the way in which he had managed
the football interests of Stanford
this year. Professor Angell said
that the highest compliment he
could pay to the management was
simply to announce that it had not
heen necessary to call a single
meeting of the faculty committee
on athletics during the entire sea
son. Those students who have
watched the efficiency of the foot
hall management this year know
that this compliment is highly
deserved, and will he glad that a
faithful service has heen recognized.
At (he meeting of the athletic
committee hist night Professor An
gell was present and took occasion
lo commend Manager Brown for
the way in which he had managed
the football interests of Stanford
this year. Professor Angell said
that the highest compliment he
could pay to the management was
simply to announce that it had not
heen necessary to call a single
meeting of the faculty committee
on athletics during the entire sea
son. Those students who have
watched the efficiency of the foot
hall management this year know
that this compliment is highly
deserved, and will he glad that a
faithful service has heen recognized.
At (he meeting of the athletic
committee hist night Professor An
gell was present and took occasion
lo commend Manager Brown for
the way in which he had managed
the football interests of Stanford
this year. Professor Angell said
that the highest compliment he
could pay to the management was
simply to announce that it had not
heen necessary to call a single
meeting of the faculty committee
on athletics during the entire sea
son. Those students who have
watched the efficiency of the foot
hall management this year know
that this compliment is highly
deserved, and will he glad that a
faithful service has heen recognized.
