# Untitled Article
## 
### 

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.

LONG BEFORE the 12:30 p.m. opening time for meat sales, crov.ds line up before eounters in San Francisco
butcher shops. Markets themselves have to wait deliveries from jobbing houses. Ninety-eight San Fran
cisco markets which used to receive 419,600 pounds a week, now get only 91,200 pounds for the same period
—a 75 per cent cut.
