# Soprano to Hold Symphony Forum
## 
### 
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
Appearing on campus today to
take part in a question and an
swer forum will be well-known
operatic soprano Eileen Farrell.
Miss Farrell will speak as the
guest of the Stanford Symphony
Forum in a session led by Alex
ander Fried, art and music critic
of the San Francisco Examiner.
The discussion, to be held from
4:30 to 5:30 in Bowman Alumni
House, is open to the public.
