# ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
The organ recital to be given in
the Memorial Church tomorrow af
ternoon will feature organ music
bv French composers, announced
Herbert B. Nanney, organist. In
cluded on the -program will be
Cantabile by Cesar Franck; Toccata
from the Fifth Symphony by C. M.
Widor; Fantaisie and Fugue in B
Flat by A. F. Boely; and Prelude
by Clerambault. The program will
begin at 4:15.
