# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
Ada Roberts, '26, is on the faculty
of the Departmental School oi
Modesto.
