# Few Reservations Remain For Los Angeles Special
## 
### 
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
According to word received from .
the Board of Athletic Control, reserva
tions on the Stanford Special, which j
leaves Palo Alio 7:15 o'clock Friday
night and arrives in Los Angeles at I
8:15 o'clock Saturday morning, are
going fast. Up to 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, eighty-seven of the re
quired 100 reservations had already
been made.
By putting up a guarantee of $1600, j
the Board of Control made possible:
the special train with a reduced fare :
of $16 round trip. There will be no
other special trains except that leav
ing Friday night, it was announced by
the board. Likewise, the $16 tickets
will be acceptable only on the Stan
ford Special. It is expected, however,
that the majority of the students are ;
planning to go down on the Special, j
