# CARDINAL-U.C. BANDS TO AID IN PROGRAM FOR AMENDMENT 10
## 
### 
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
Stanford's band, in conjunction with
the band of the University of Califor
nia, will assist this evening at San
Francisco in a public demonstration
for the proposed 10th Amendment,
which provides funds for the construc
tion of new buildings for the state
university and its branch in Los An
geles.
Starting from the Ferry Building at
7:30 o'clock the bands, representing
the two universities, will parade to
the Civic Auditorium where a mass
meeting of voters is to be held.
The ninety-six members of the Stan
ford Band will be taken to the city
and brought back here from that place
by three special busses of the Penin
sula Rapid Transit Company.
