# College Inmates at San Quentin Publish Paper
## 
### 
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
That only one per cent of the 3500
inmates of San Quentin are college
graduates is the proof given by Earle
M. Stigers, education director of the
prison, to support his statement that
college and school training operate as
a crime preventive.
Against this, Stigers says, 93 per
cent of the convicts never reached the
fourth grade in elementary schools,
while 24 per cent are unable to read
or write.
Despite their small number, the col
lege convicts have shown their ability
by taking the lead in publishing "The
Wall City News," believed to be the
only daily paper ever published behind
prison walls.
