# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
Tickets for t lie Rani's Head one
act p'.ays will go on sale Monday,
not today as announced in yester
day's Daily. Tickets, priced at 70
cents, will be available at the ASSU
office at 9 a.m.
