# Econ Professor Gives Lecture on 'Expenses'
## 
### 
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
Professor Abrnmowitz of the eco
nomics department will deliver a
lecture on "Capital Expenditures"
today at 4:15 p.m. in room 214. The
talk will be the third in a series on
economic analysis provided by the
Council of Economic Advisers.
