# Concert Saturday Evening.
## 
### 
The concert of the Choral Society
will he held in the Encinu gymnas
ium Saturday evening, May 8, at 8
p.m., instead of on Sunday, as was
at first proposed. The combination
of the Apollo Choral Society with
the Stanford Society will make up
a chorus of about two hundred
voices, which has been under train
ing since last September. The pro
gram will include some selections
from the oratorios of "The Messiah"
and "Elijah," besides a number of
part songs and instrumental and
vocal solos. Reserved seats, fifty
and seventy-five cents; all seats re
served.
The concert of the Choral Society
will he held in the Encinu gymnas
ium Saturday evening, May 8, at 8
p.m., instead of on Sunday, as was
at first proposed. The combination
of the Apollo Choral Society with
the Stanford Society will make up
a chorus of about two hundred
voices, which has been under train
ing since last September. The pro
gram will include some selections
from the oratorios of "The Messiah"
and "Elijah," besides a number of
part songs and instrumental and
vocal solos. Reserved seats, fifty
and seventy-five cents; all seats re
served.
The concert of the Choral Society
will he held in the Encinu gymnas
ium Saturday evening, May 8, at 8
p.m., instead of on Sunday, as was
at first proposed. The combination
of the Apollo Choral Society with
the Stanford Society will make up
a chorus of about two hundred
voices, which has been under train
ing since last September. The pro
gram will include some selections
from the oratorios of "The Messiah"
and "Elijah," besides a number of
part songs and instrumental and
vocal solos. Reserved seats, fifty
and seventy-five cents; all seats re
served.
The concert of the Choral Society
will he held in the Encinu gymnas
ium Saturday evening, May 8, at 8
p.m., instead of on Sunday, as was
at first proposed. The combination
of the Apollo Choral Society with
the Stanford Society will make up
a chorus of about two hundred
voices, which has been under train
ing since last September. The pro
gram will include some selections
from the oratorios of "The Messiah"
and "Elijah," besides a number of
part songs and instrumental and
vocal solos. Reserved seats, fifty
and seventy-five cents; all seats re
served.
The concert of the Choral Society
will he held in the Encinu gymnas
ium Saturday evening, May 8, at 8
p.m., instead of on Sunday, as was
at first proposed. The combination
of the Apollo Choral Society with
the Stanford Society will make up
a chorus of about two hundred
voices, which has been under train
ing since last September. The pro
gram will include some selections
from the oratorios of "The Messiah"
and "Elijah," besides a number of
part songs and instrumental and
vocal solos. Reserved seats, fifty
and seventy-five cents; all seats re
served.
