# Junior Committee Plans Cal Dinner
## 
### 
Stanford and California juniors
will gather for the first time Feb
ruary 4 in a joint Class of '39 din
ner, according to plans made last
night by the Junior Executive Coun
cil. The dinner will precede the
first Cal-Stanford basketball game
to be played here.
Dave Ryus, who presided at the
meeting, explained that Berkeley
juniors were anxious for sUch an
affair. It was indicated that, since
last year's Junior Dinner had been
highly successful, this year's din
ner would gain whole-hearted sup
port of Stanford juniors.
Members of the Council also dis
cussed orchestras for the Junior
Prom which will be held in Febru
ary. It was decided that final word
concerning the Prom orchestra will
be left to the students, who will
choose by ballot their favorite of
the available bands.
