# Nanking Leader Arrives in U.S.
## 
### 

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."

YV. C. LIU, vice-minister of industry at what was the Chinese
capital at Nanking, Chin (now falling before invading Japanese) is
shown above with Mrs. Liu on their arrival in San Francisco on a
good will tour. They will seek to give Americans "a better under
standing of the true facts of the current difficulty in China."
