# Save the Gorilla fund
## 
### 
In an effort to raise $12,500 to
buy Koko the gorilla from the
San Francisco Zoo. a movie star
ring Koko will be shown along
with Paramount Pictures' King
Kong at the Fine Arts Theatre in
Palo Alto tonight at 8.
Penny Patterson taught the
gorilla over 300 sign language
gestures while the two lived to
gether in a trailer near the Stan
ford Museum.
Patterson has raised $7000 but
needs $5500 more before mid-
July to prevent Koko from re
turning to the zoo, which origi
nally lent her to the Gorilla
Foundation.
Tickets for the production will
be sold for $3.75 at Tresidder
Union and for $5 at the door. Do
nations for Koko can be sent to
the Gorilla Foundation, 728 Col
lege Ave., Menlo Park 94025.
