# BROWN RE-ELECTED
## 
### 
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
Dr. Walter H. Brown, professor of
hygiene and physical education, was
re-elected president of the Santa
Clara County Tuberculosis Associa
tion recently.
