# Charity Show To Aid Home
## Helvenston, Director, Asks For Dance Chorus 
### 
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
As a climax to Convalescent Home
activities for the year, Harold Hel
venston has been engaged to direct
a glorified musical revue and vod
vil, to be presented June 24 at the
Menlo Circus Club. Helvenston has
re-designed the Club's horseshoe
ring to form a circus theatre as a
setting for the "Vodvil Frolics."
With talent engaged and several
acts already in rehearsal, Helven
ston asks that all women who are
interested in appearing in special
choruses appear at the Menlo Cir
cus Club tonight at 8 o'clock in
suitable rehearsal garb.
At this time they will start work
with Terry Brinckley, professional
dance instructor for Fanchon and
Marco, who will be director of the
chorus. Eph Engleman will officiate
as master of ceremonies, presenting
players from San Francisco, Bur
lingame, San Mateo, Palo Alto,
Woodside, Berkeley, and Stanford,
with all proceeds to go to the Con
valescent Home.
