# Open House to Fete Pre-Dental Students
## 
### 
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
The Stanford Club of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons will
hold an open house for Stanford
prc-dcntal students on Feb. 24 at
the Medical School. All interested
students are asked to sign up in
the Biology Department office to
day.
