# Spring Term Offices Filled In Six Houses
## 
### 
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
The following students were re
cently elected as officers for the
spring term for their respective liv
ing groups:
Ventura Hall
President, Kate Swanson; vice
president, Martha Lee Conger; sec
retary, Irene Matthews; treasurer,
Sally Beel; social chairman, Patt
Schonberg; Excom representative,
Mary Wicks.
Mariposa
President, Maureen Doherty; vice
president, Bev Poole; secretary
treasurer, Joyce Gillette; house man
ager, Gale Boesch; committee of
eight chairman, Jo Johnson; wres
tling chairman, Elizabeth Gonser.
El Capitan
President, Steve Horn; vice-presi
dent, Mike Zeiler; treasurer, John
Horning; secretary, Jim Larsen; in
tramural chairman, Bill Wise; rush
ing co-chairmen, Eli Reinhard and
Jim Mitchell.
Room chairman, Chuck Stevens;
alumni chairman, Bob Skyles; his
torian, Frank Clark; imperial high
colusa, Hal Tennant.
Delta Upsilon
President, Bill Honsaker; vice
president and social chairman, Jim
Anderson; rushing chairman, Jack
Rising; house manager, John Foale;
alumni relations chairman, Ray
Kistler; recording secretary, John
Parke; athletic chairman, Chip Wit
ter; corresponding secretary, Pete
Kistler.
Jordan House
President, Elaine Spratt; vice
president, Joyce Brown; council rep
resentative, Holly Harris; social
chairman, Sharon Murray; secre
taries, Norma Ure and Joanne Ball.
Kussell House
President, Martha Hitch; vice
president., Mary Hines; council repre
sentative, Andy Haug; social chair
man, Nancy Coleman; secretary,
Marilyn Hand; treasurer, Ann Davis;
house manager, Jennie Lou Weeks.
