# Ike Hints He Will Veto Any Tax Cut
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17 (UP) â€”
President Eisenhower hinted today
he would veto any tax cut bill
passed by Congress before the
budget is balanced and said he is
looking for a substitute for the ex
cess profits levy, due to expire June
30.
Despite the President's position,
House Republican Leader Charles
Halleck (Ind.) and Speaker Joseph
W. Martin, Jr. (Mass.) did not rule
out the posibility of tax reduction
this year. Halleck said Mr. Eisen
hower's views are "more conserva
tive" than those held by "some of
us."
Chairman Daniel A. Reed (R.,
N.Y.) of the tax-writing Ways
and Means Committee said he in
tends to go "right ahead" with
plans to push for approval of his
tax reduction bill. It would cut
individual income taxes about 10
per cent on July 1.
The President told a news confer
ence he deplores high taxes and in
tends to work for their reduction.
But he said the government cannot
afford to reduce its revenues until
a balanced budget at least is in
sight. He was unable to predict
when that would be.
The chief executive added that
his position would not change even
if Congress sent him a tax reduc
tion bill.
He was asked whether he would
recommend continuing the excess
profits tax on corporatons beyond
its June 30 expiration date. He
replied that he would not a,gree
to eliminate any tax without a
satisfactory substitute until the
budget is balanced.
