# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

The Stanford Mu
seum. which will pro
vide the stage and
setting for "()edipus
Rex." of Sophocles,
the (ireek play which
will he presented
next Friday night.
This historic building
was begun in 1891
but was not com
pleted until 1 () 06. It
was partially
destroyed in the
earthquake.

Mrs. Stanford
called the Museum
"her building." The
idea of such a struc
ture was conceived
by Leland Stanford,
Jr.. when he was 11
years old. During a
trip to Europe, he ac
quired some objects
of interest from each
place he stopped.
£arefully cataloguing
them. When he died,
in 1884, bis mother
took up the work
where he left off.

