# Cincinnati Likes Merriman's Play
## 
### 
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
Lloyd Merriman, Stanford's con
tribution to the National League,
has been continuing his fine play in
the Cincinnati Reds' training camp
at Tampa, Florida, this spring.
Lloyd's brilliant ball - hawking in
the Grapefruit circuit has led Man
ager Johnny Neun and other Red
officials lo predict a major league
future for the young star.
With Augie Galan, Frank Baum
gardner, and Eric Tipton forming a
veteran outfield for the Reds. Neun
has decided to send Lloyd to the
Columbus Reds, Cincinnati's farm in
the Sally League. There, the Lloyd
er will have a chance to play every
day to acquire the necessary expe
rience.
