# Toyon Men Boost Scholarship Plan
## 
### 
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
ASSU's foreign scholarship plan
received financial support from
Toyon Hall on March 8, when resi
dents voted to pay room and board
expenses of one foreign student for
a full year, in accordance with the
proposed plan.
Toyon thus became the first Uni
versity residence group to pledge
support of the program. Several
fraternities have already made sim
ilar votes.
