# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
YES SIR!
The well-dressed man on the
campus this spring; will have
coat-slacks combinations
SPORT COATS
$17.50 and $25.00
Also matching or contrasting
slacks at
$5.95 and $7.50
9
ROO4 BTOA
ENCINA SHOP
Open Evenings till 8:00 P.M.
