# Adv. 19 Page 9
## 
### 
AUTOS
Classic 1967 Volvo 144 model
great condition,B6,ooo miles
safe, simple—sad must sell
will run forever $600.00
650-493-2686
CHILDCARE
1
Afterschool Nanny Wanted
2:00-6:00 M-F, days/hrs flex
car, ins, good driving rec,
references. Call 596-5426
Looking for babysitter one
evening/week in PA home. We
have a 6-mo. old boy (can study
while he sleeps!) $ 10/ hr
323-0658 or iulia@soderberv.com
DONORS WANTED
ASIAN WOIVEN —EGG DONOR M£DED
Healthy and Responsilbe. You can
meet the SF couple you help.
Comp negotiable. Please email:
Wewanababv@aol.com with PHOTO
Egg Donor for Japanese couple:
Asian woman, 21-30, high quality
education. Prefer 5'3" or
taller, 1500+ SAT or 150+ IQ.
$20,000 for selected candidate.
Contact Wendy Young 866-496-9642
e-mail: SPCDonors@aol.com
