# Article III, Subsection 4 Constitution
## 
### 
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
"Should no slate of candidates
receive a majority of the votes
in the Association Spring
Quarter General Election, a
run-off election shall be held
within the next 14 days be
tween the two slates receiving
the most votes in the Associa
tion Spring Quarter General
Election"
