# Education Club Elects Officers.
## 
### 
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
A discussion based 011 the Davis-
Pacific Coast, was the chief speaker
Congress was the subject in hand last
night at a meeting of the Education
Club.
An election of officers resulted with
O. H. Close, '12, president, M. L, Dar
sie, gr., vice-president, and W. E.
Baker, '14, secretary. Plans were dis
cussed for further work during the
year, but nothing was decided on.
Twenty members were present at this
first meeting of the semester.
