# WITH THE COLLEGES
## 
### 
The Trustees at Vassar have dis
couraged graduate work at the college
by the discontinuing of the several
scholarships offered for advance work.
The library of Marquis Olivait, vice
president of the Institute of Inter
national Law, has been purchased for
the Harvard Law School. The Mar
quis spent a lifetime in gathering
together the books. The collection,
which numbers over G,OOO volumes, is
now considered the most complete
in existence on the subject of Inter
national law.
There is a decrease in attendance at
the University of Wisconsin this year.
One of the greatest reasons for this
decrease is said to be the general
lack of prosperity in the cities.
Cornell University is the first to
adopt a queer Russian instrument
called the balalaika in its Mandolin
club. It is claimed that this instru
ment is more easily mastered and
possesses better tone qualities than
the mandolin, guitar or banjo.
