# 101 Baseball Candidates Out.
## 
### 
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
The baseball sign-up rally Monday
evening netted one hundred and one
candidates, forty-eight of whom are
trying for positions on the Freshman
nine. Captain Dodson pointed out
Stanford's loss of Terry and Maple,
but deplored the belief that Califor
nia would have an easy victory this
spring.
