# Red Scarf Try-Outs on Wednesday.
## 
### 
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
The Red Scarf Club will hold its try
outs in both the vocal and instrument
al departments at tlie Mariposa Club
at. 4:30 p. m. next Wednesday, instead
of Sunday, as previously announced.
Throughout the past, semester, the
society has devoted its meetings, which
are held bi-monthly, to the study of
the great modern composers. This
nroirram will continue this semester.
