# Turkish Retreat Becomes Rout.
## 
### 
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
PETROGRAD, Jan. 21.—The Turkish
retreat in the Caucasus is becoming a
rout. The troops are fleeing toward
Erzerum in a very poorly organized
body, and their rear guard is being
slowly captured by our cavalry.
