# Convicts Enrolled in Extension Classes
## 
### 
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
Over seven hundred convicts in the
state penitentiaries have enrolled in
extension classes of the State Univer
sity. 324 Folsom prisoners and 410
inmates of San Quentin are listed as
students of this department. English
is the most popular study at Folsom.
