# Eight Brazilians On Tour Of U.S. Visit University
## 
### 
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
Six Brazilian student leaders
and their two Brazilian escortr
arrived on campus Tuesday for
a tour of the University.
The visit is sponsored by the
State Department and will take
the students to a number of
major cities and universities in
the United States.
The Brazilians had a busy
schedule yesterday including
seminars at Bolivar House, r
visit to a History class on Brazil,
and a tour of the campus that
took them as far as the Linear
Accelerator.
Today the students will attend
another seminar and later will
have a picnic at the beach. This
afternoon they will fly to New
York for a brief stay, and then
on to Miami.
The Brazilians' guide around
Stanford, Salvatore Bizzarro of
the Latin American Studies As
sociation, calls the visit "an
excellent step in the direction
of increased inter-American un
derstanding."
