# Officers Needed By Naval Reserve
## 
### 
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
l tie rapid expansion 01 lorcign
shore establishments have made it
necessary to secure more men at
once who are qualified to serve as
commissioned officers in the U.S.
Naval Reserve. The greatest need is
for engineers with construction ex
perience and for college graduates
under 39 who can qualify for general
service in communications, in com
mand of gun crews, and for off-shore
patrol billets.
Tremendous building problems at
newly acquired bases and expansion
of bases already held has made the
demand for engineers with actual
experience in construction work es
pecially great.
Men in the 12th Naval District
who believe they can qualify for a
commission in the Naval Reserve are
urged to contact the Office of Naval
Officer Procurement, 703 Market
street, San Francisco, in person or
by writing a request for further in
formation.
