# His Ship Sank
## 
### 

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.

CAPT. Forest P. Sherman is shown
at Pearl Harbor, where he told
newsmen the story of the sinking
of his ship, the Aircraft Carrier
Wasp. The ship was the victim of
three Jap torpedoes in Southwest
Pacific fighting. Capt. Sherman
was the last to leave the ship.
