# RETURNED TO SENATE
## 
### 

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).

HENRY CABOT LODGE, incumbcnt Massachusetts senator, is shown
casting his ballot at the November election which returned him to
office by a substantial vote. He is shown with Mrs. Lodge (right).
