# Playing Ball
## 
### 
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
STANFORD seems to be able to shoulder re
sponsibility well and willingly in certain
instances. This was shown in the last few days
when help was asked for the draft registration.
So well did Stanford respond that only two or
three more volunteers are needed now. These
volunteers will be sworn in as regular officials
and will aid the local board when the new draft
machinery is started in motion this week-end in
the lobby of the Education Building.—Hap Ev
erett
