# L.A. DIAMONDS STOLEN
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UP).- A
bandit today calmly helped himself
to $25,000 in diamonds from a dis
play case on the second floor of a
downtown office building and then
escaped. The diamonds were taken
from the office of the U.S. Diamond
Exchange by a bandit who appar
ently was familiar with operations
of the company.

Let freedom ring on Uncle Sam's
cash register! Buy U. S. Defense
Bonds and Stamps.
