# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The meeting of the Freshman
debaters for permanent organiza
tion should attract a large number
of the Freshman class. The move
ment that has been started by the
Debating League is a novel one,
and if put before the Freshmen in
the most attractive way, so that
they are interested, can not but be
fruitful with good results for Stan
ford's debating interests. In a
short time our representatives in
the Intercollegiate and Carnot will
come doubtless from this year's
class, who will perhaps have re
ceived the larger part, if not the
whole of their training in debating
here in college, and will in a large
measure owe their interests in de
bating to the Freshman debating
society. Previously there has been
a dearth of good debaters in the
Freshman classes. The inter-class
debate has. however, developed a
large quantity of good material in
the two lower classes. The Fresh
man debating society should go
fafther than this and help to train
the material that the yiter-class
debate will attract. Every Fresh
man who feels that he has any de
bating talent should not wait to
have it discovered by his friends,
but should join the society at once
and take advantage of the oppor
tunities it affords.
