# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
—(J. E. Schwartz, '99, is teacher
of history in the Santa Hosa high
school.
—Forrest S. Fisher, '99, Varsity
football captain in '98, has been
appointed postmaster at The Dalles,
Oregon.
—L. B. Wickersham, '00, is em
ployed by one of the electrical
companies at Portland.
—H. W . Edwards, History, '00, is
teaching at Manzanita Hall, Palo
Alto, and has registered for gradu
ate work in the History depart
ment.
—J. C. Bryant, '00, who taught
mathematics last year at, Manza
nita, has been appointed principal
of the Sherman Heights school, San
Diego.
—Miss Kate Hooper, '00, is
spending a few days at the Uni
versity, visting friends before re
turning to her home in San Bern
ardino, where she has charge of
the English department in the high
school.
