# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition . . .
'4£r
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
1 67 Hamilton
