# Hopkins Accepts Employment Post
## 
### 
William Hopkins, associate pro
fessor of economics, has accepted the
position of assistant chief of the
Employment Division, the War Re
location Authority, San Francisco.
He will spend the month of Septem
ber and the Winter Quarter there.
For the rest of the present quarter
and during autumn he will be un
able to meet any Thursday classes,
Mr. Hopkins said yesterday.
Mr. Hopkins has just returned
from Tehachapi, where he acted last
week as special arbitrator for the
National War Labor Board in a wage
dispute at the Monolith Cement
Company.
The function of the Employment
Division of the War Relocation Au
thority, Mr. Hopkins said, is to co
ordinate the efforts of the employ
ment directors at the various relo
cation centers to make those com
munities self-supporting.
