# Diplomat Stricken
## 
### 

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.

Alexander P. Moore, publisher
and diplomat, who died yesterday
in Los Angeles.
