# SENATOR TO ADDRESS SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
## 
### 
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
Senator William Jarvis Carr, a
member of the slate railroad com
mission and California representa
tive iu the Boulder Dam negotia
tions, will address the Graduate
School of Business at their weekly
assembly at 4:15 this afternoon, in
room 4GO. The subject of the talk
will he"The Work of Ihe Railroad
Commission." All interested stu
dents in other departments are in
vited lo attend.
