# CHEATING-PROCTORS-HONOR
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
There has been a lot said in Hip
past quarter about. Hie so-called
honor system in this University.
When I first came here, I thought
it was a wonderful tiling. However,
in the past two weeks, my view
point has changed, and now I am
rabidly against it.
The present freshman class in
four years will bo the nucleus of
the student, body and their treal
menl of the honor system will set
the example for the other classes.
From whal I have seen of the pres
ent. freshman class in regard to
the honor system, if is revolting.
In all but a few exams l have been
in there has been wholesale and
brazen cribbing. Cribbing done by
comparing papers, having a pony,
and actual looking the question up
in a book. One individual was so
bold as to go to the desk and look
over the papers handed in and take
Ihe choice answers, is this fair
to those that don't break the honor
code, No! In one class there was
such wholesale cheating that the
(lass average was raised to a very
high point. How about those that
were just ordinary students, and I

didn't. cheat? Tliey flunked. At
present il seems impossible to me
to set. a high mark, or even a de
rent passing mark. I would say
(luil a system, that endangers i lu-*
honest, and regards Hie dishonest,
is dangerous and obnoxious, and
should be repealed or altered.
There are those thai say "Why
do you not turn such people in to
the board?" I would rather flunk
out llian do that thing. It would
not only make one the most un
popular person on the campus, but
il would also go against the very
principles of honor. There are also
those who say, "The proctor sys
tem is a bad tiling." Which is
worse? Allowing the students to
form habits of dishonesty or try
ing to curb them? Is the police
force a bad thing? It would be if
there were no criminals, but there
arc criminals. Draw your own con
clusion.
1 do not like this idea of tearing
down Stanford principles nor the
Â»lass of '33, but I do believe that
there is a grave wrong that has to
be corrected before Stanford or (he
( lass of '33 can have n true princi
ple of honesty.
Sincerely yours, '33,
