# Untitled Article
## 
### 
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
PARTS, Feb. 17. (AP) —President
Domergue of France tonight ac
cepted the resignation of the de
feated Tardieu cabinet, handed him
at 9:41 p.m. by Senator Lucien
Hubert.
