# Thursday Evening Vesper Service.
## 
### 
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice in the University chapel, Thurs
day at 7 p. m., with an address by an
invited speaker.
