# Association Will Meet Sunday.
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its regular Sunday
morning meeting at 9:45 in room 55.
Professor Woodburn of the History
department will talk of the influence
of the association in Indiana Univer
sity, where he was active in this
work.
The association is making rapid
progress in the organizing of Bible
classes; already twenty-seven are
formed, enrolling 175 men.
