# SEASON TICKET SALE
## MANAGER STEWART ADOPTS PLAN FOR BASEBALL SERIES. Purchaser Can Attend Twenty Games for $2.50.â€”Tickets Are Non-transferable. 
### 
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
As was announced recently, season
tickets for the baseball season, includ
ing about twenty games, will be is
sued by Manager .J. E. Stewart. Ex
amples set by other universities,
which have for several years sold
tickets for the entire season with per
fect success, suggested first to the
Stanford management that this ad
vantage be given to the Student Body.
At Harvard and Yale and other uni
versities, more receipts and more sat
isfaction have been realized by both
students and athletic management by
the establishing of this system of en
tire-season tickets. Their cheapness
also is not the least attractive fea
ture of the plan, for, at the above
mentioned colleges, it operates to
bring out a larger representation of
students, and thus more material for
the cheer-leaders. The Stanford tick
ets will be sold at $2.50, and will be
put on sale at the Bookstore next
Tuesday or Wednesday. In connection
with this, Manager Stewart states, it
must be especially emphasized to pur
chasers that the tickets are absolute
ly non-transferable. They must be
signed by the purchaser, and. if pre
sented by any person other than the
original purchaser, the manager re
serves the right to take possession of
| them. The tickets will admit to all
games on the schedule played at Stan
ford. with the exception of the Cali
fornia contests.
The first game of the season is with
St. Mary's College, Saturday, January
30, to which the tickets will admit.
It is probable that a game will not
be played with the American League
' White Sox," since the amount of the
guarantee cannot be settled between
the Stanford and league managers.
