# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
/( tota
tk* mystery out ♦/
Diamond Baying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity oi a
diamond — aids hi ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
University DA 3-1331 A
408 California DA 3-6822J
