# Tryouts Continue For Spring Show
## 
### 
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
I C>
Tryouts for "Of Thee I Sing.' this
year's Spring Show, will be held
from 7 to 10 in the Little Theater
tonight.
A cast of 1(H). ranging from scrub
women to bathing beauties, from
wrestlers to Supreme Court justices,
is needed for the show.
Ram's Head has issued a special
invitation to everyone to come and
trv out. No experience is required.
