# Pro-West Parties Win Japan Election
## 
### 
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 28—Con
servative and pro-Western parties,
led by Prime Minister Ichiro Hato
yama, scored a sweeping victory to
day for control of the Japanese gov
ernment.
The two conservative parties,
promising close alignment of Japan
with the Western democracies,
stretched their commanding lead as
returns from yesterday's election
