# Staff Lunch
## 
### 
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
There will be a staff lunch today at
the Daily. At large members of the
edit board for the new volume will be
elected.
Staff Party
There will be a final party of the old
volume tomorrow night in the Daily
offices. All those who participated in
this volume are welcome to attend.
Students needed
Students interested in helping the
Hostage Rescue Fund should call Ken
Fulmer at 858-1657. Ten students are
needed for a television program. *
