# Untitled Article
## 
### 

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain

C'FST BON—Marcel's has shifted around the corner in Tresidder. offering
a greater selection of French and Danish pastries, takes for all occasions.

cookies, doughnuts, pins, arid continental breakfasts. TDS will fill Mar
eel's old lofalf with a Mofiirau . offering sandwiches, and a soda fountain
