# Adv. 23 Page 7
## 
### 
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
FOR GUIDED
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
d/^yfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere -- for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
e
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cur/ii/p
J JEWELERS
335 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
