# Indian Two-Mile Relay Team Second in L.A. Indoor Meet
## 
### 
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
Stanford's two-mile relay team
brightened an otherwise gloomy
Indian track afternoon in Los
Angeles Saturday as it was the
only Tribe entry in the L.A.
Times Indoor Games that came
close to winning.
The relay squad lost by only a
few yards to Michigan after lead
ing nearly all the way. Norm
Lloyd took the lead for the In
dians with about three laps to go
in his leg of Ihe race and the
Wolverines didn't catch up until
there was only half a lap remain
in,g.
Lloyd ran his portion of the
event in about 1:56.5, while Rich
Klier ran about 1:55, Dick Lassen
about 1:57 and Ernie Cunliffe in
about 1:54.4.
In the mile relay Norm Pease
and Rich Parker ran well against
Illinois and California, but Chris
llunkerland lost about 30 yards
in his leg of the race and Boh
Besse couldn't make up the dif
ference in the final leg.
Pease was only about five yards

behind the leader and sophomore
Parker made up the difference by
running one of his best races.
Hungerland's effort wasn't good
enough lo keep the Tribe in the
race, however.
Bob Monzingo, entered in the
two mile, didn't finish. Neither
did Bertil Lundh in the mile who
sprained his ankle.
Bob Martin failed lo qualify for
the finals in the high hurdles.
