# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
The class of 1907 should take some
immediate action upon the report nf
the Brennan Investigating Commit- i
tee, which was published today. The j
appointment of the committee prac
tically placed the manager of the 1907
annual, under suspicion of misman- ;
agement of the funds collected. The j
Committee's report as it stands
amounts to an exoneration, but until
it is formally adopted by the class,
Brennan cannot be regarded as en
tirely freed from the cloud, which
hangs over him. In justice both to
themselves and to the man under sus
picion, the Seniors should not permit
the report to lie 011 the table for an
indefinite period.
