# Mitchell
## 
### 

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.

Dr. John Picrce Mitchell, Regis
trar of Stanford University, who
announced a new plan for ad
missions and awarding of degrees.
