# Help Wanted! Daily Staff Cries for Frosh Assistants
## 
### 
There's a "Help Wanted" sign in
front of the Daily shack, and it
means what, it says. Both the edi
torial and business stafTs of The
Daily want help from the Class of
'53.
The business stafT offers valuable
contacts in the Bay Area, practical
business training, and pocket money
on the side to freshmen. Experience
in newspaper workâ€”writing stories
and desk work faculty and student
contacts, new friends and weekly

parties are offered by the editorial
staff.
A meeting for candidates for re
porter will be held Thursday at 4:15
p.m. Those who cannot attend this
meeting are iiskcd to see Mel Hoff
man, staff editor, at the Daily shack
this week.
The business staff asks freshmen
interested in advertising work to
come to their office at The Daily to
day or tomorrow. The training pe
riod begins this week.
