# Foreign Students Unhurt by Pound Fall
## 
### 
Stanford's foreign students do
not seem to be too hard hit by
the devaluation of the pound ster
ling. Willard Watcrous, Counselor
for Foreign Students, said yester
day. No student who intended to
attend Stanford has had to drop
out because of the devaluation
which originated in Britain and
caused similar action to be taken
in other European and Asiatic
countries.
Some Indian students told Wa
tcrous they would have to post
pone plans for buying new cars,
but otherwise the devaluation has
not affected them too seriously.
Watcrous also said that probably
more foreign students would seek
employment now, and possibly
some would try and get through
college faster.
