# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo

THE HIPSTER IN ACTION. Stanford's Harry Hugasian neatly sidesteps Harvard's all-American
tackel candidate, Howard Houston, before taking off on a long gainer. (See story on page 6)
—Palo Alto Times photo
