# Magazine to Pick College Edit Board
## 
### 
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
Mademoiselle has opened its an
nual contest for College Board
members, the magazine's editors
announced recently. Twenty guest
editors will be selected from the
College Board to edit the magazine
in New York next June. Guest edi
tors will be paid a salary for the
month's work plus transportation to
New York.

Contestants for the College Board
must submit a two-page typewritten
report on any phase of campus life,
such as new courses, fashions, activ
ities, or fads. They must also send
a snapshot of themselves, plus data
on themselves, including college and
home addresses, class year, major,
interests, activities, and jobs.
