# Farm Economist Publishes Notes
## 
### 
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
"Germany: Key to Peace in Eu- i
rope" is the title of a new book
written by Dr. Karl Brandt of Stan
ford and recently published by J
Claremont College.
The book incorporates the mate- j

rial delivered by the noted Stanford
Food Research Institute agricultural
economist last April and May in the
10th annual invitational lecture sc
ries sponsored by the Associated
Colleges at Claremont.
