# Soccer Teams Contest for Medals.
## 
### 
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
Six soccer teams have entered the
round robin series of matches to be
played for the medals offered by the
Hygiene deaprtment. The first of
these matches was held Saturday on
the improvised field that has been
lined off on the old track. The two
teams playing on Saturday morning
were taken from the 11:15 class that
meets on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays. Two twenty-minute halves
were played.
Although there was no brilliant play
ing some of the members on each
team showed a considerable knowledge
of the game. The Whites as they
called themselves won from the
Blacks by the score of 2 goals to 1.
It is planned to have each team play
all the other teams and the one show
ing the best average at the end of
the series will be declared the winner.
