# DOLE WILL LEAD TEAM
## VETERAN FORWARD IS CHOSEN CAPTAIN FOR 1910 FIFTEEN. Varsity Players Make Their Choice of a Leader Unanimous This Afternoon. 
### 
Kenneth Llewelyn Dole, "11, of
Riverside, was this afternoon chosen
by the members of the rugby team to
captain the 1910 varsity fifteen. The
election was unanimous, and the choice
of the veteran forward is looked upon
with content by both coaches and
players. With two years ol varsity
experience and a strong record on his
Freshman fifteen. Dole is especially
fitted to lead the cardinal in its an
nual battle. Always a consistently
powerful player he is to be depended
upon at all times. Middle rank this

season and lock last year have been
his positions on the fifteens, and he
played through both the California
games, demonstrating his qualities as
a fighter.
Dole lias been prominent in several
branches of the Stanford athletic
world. As captain of his Freshman
crew, and as a varsity oarsman last
spring, lie was a, member of winning
organizations. He is enrolled in the
Gymnasium Club, and a member of the
Skull and Snakes Honorary Society,
and the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. His
major in Systematic Botany.
Dole is 21 years old, weighs IPO
pounds and is i; feet, 1 inch in heighth.


K. L. DOLE, '11, FOOTBALL CAPTAIN
