# $20 Off on $21.50 Suitsâ€”New Record
## 
### 
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
Suits advertised at $1.50 in the
Daily Friday were responsible over
the week-end for an unprecedented
rush, not actual but contemplated,
on Moore's, San Francisco clothiers.
List price on the suits was $21.50;
credit for the discrepancy goes to
erratic Daily business staff proof
reading.
A permanent federal youth as
sistance structure, on NY A and CCC
lines, i;; being urged on the govern
ment, it is said.
