# Supplying demand
## Program Board hits hard times 
### Amy Slucter 
After a noticeable downturn in
special-fee funding to campus or
ganizations, recent increases in
demand for ASSU Program
Board funds has led the board to
reevaluate its ability to provide
funding to groups.
"When you're under financial
duress you know at the outset
that you cannot fully fund some
one," said senior Michael Smith,
director of the board.
The upswing in demand fol
lows on the heels of last spring's
ASSU general election, when 18
groups were denied special-fee ap
plications. Forced to look for al
ternate forms of program fund
ing, many of these groups have
turned this year to the Program
Board — which finances a variety
of special events — for help.
"Many groups who had great
programs did not receive their
special fee this year," Smith said.
"This was a tremendous problem
because it caused a major upturn
in the need for money from the
Program Board."
This year, 17 groups collective
ly applied for $40,463 from the
Program Boaid. The board, how
ever, was only able to allocate
$11,792 among them.
Because of increased demand,
the board was unable to provide
money for more than the "funda
mental basic needs" of the various
groups, Smith said. On average,
the board was able to fund 29 per
cent of a group's total request.
To compensate for the lack of
available funding, the Program
Board recommends organizations
prioritize their needs so that it
can provide enough backing to
make an event possible, Smith
said.
"We try to fully fund one pro
gram so that the groups have all
the resources they need to turn
their ideas into a reality," he
added.
Although none of the student
groups received full funding,
many were grateful for the money
they were awarded. Most of the
organizations that applied for
funding are understanding of the
board's current financial con
straints.
"We did not expect to get 100
percent of what we requested,"
said graduate student Rich
Green, president of Students
Against Genocide, which received
23 percent of the $4,722 it re
quested. "Certainly we would not
