# Anarchy Advocated
## FCM Hosts Radical 
### BOB LITTER MAN 
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
Judging by the company they
keep, one would be amazed at the
similarity between anarchist Bill
Evers and conservative libertarian
Harvey Hukari.
At a meeting of the Free
Campus Movement last night,
Evers explained why he believes
anarchists and libertarians, which
he considers to be the same,
should align themselves with the
new left and other revolutionaries,
as opposed to traditional
conservative forces in society.
Evers says that he will align
himself with any group which
wishes to overthrow authoritarian
government. He accuses the FCM
members of being "ideological
supporters of the status quo."
They reply, however, that "We are
at point F and you are trying to
go to Z without going through G,
H, I, etc. We are willing to risk
staying where we are a little
longer to avoid going the other
way toward point A."
Evers began the discussion by
citing the struggles of
revolutionaries during the 1600's
and 1700's. He says that the
advocates of liberty now, should
have the same attitudes toward

the establishment order as those
revolutionaries did in their time.
The conservative libertarians
question him on several points.
First, they ask if he is willing to
align himself with the new left
and other potential authoritarian
groups. Citing the French and
Russian revolutions, and the
Spanish Civil War as examples,
they point out that in the past
when anarchists allied with
revolutionaries, they were later
killed.
