# Belated Red Cross Drive Nets $500
## 
### 
Nearly $. r >oo was raised on the
Campus during the annual Red Cross
Drive, Mary Kay Morton, co-chair
man of the drive, stated yesterday.
Although the amount raised was
only half that contributed last year,
Miss Horton, who worked with Bob
Beckham on the drive, pointed out
that the drive was not held until
the week before finals.
Of the money collected on the
Campus, one-half will be used in
local charitable work of the Palo
Alto Chapter of the Red Cross and
the rest will go for emeigency work
in the national organization. Any
drive worker will be glad to accept
further contributions from students
who were unable to help before
Christinas, Miss Horton stated.
