# PRINCETON PUCK COACH
## 
### 
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
PRINCETON. N.J.. Jan. 3. (UP).—
Dick Vaughan, Princeton hockey
coach, is wearing a gold football,
emblematic of the Big Three cham
pionship.
