# DUKE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N.C.
## 
### 
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
Four terms of eleven weeks .ire given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (graduation in three and
one-quarter years) or three terms may
be taken each year (graduation in tour
years). The entrance requirements are
intelligence, character and three years
of college work, including the sub|ects
specified for Class A medical schools.
Catalogues and application forms may
be obtained from the Admission Com
mittee.
