# Federal Judge Hides On Anti-Trust Laws
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
Thirty-six individuals, two unions
and 10 electrical industry firms and
associations indicted on anti-trust
law violation charges by a federal
grand jury here must file pleas by
Feb. G. Federal Judge Michael Roche
■ ruled today.
i
