# More Earthquakes Shake Turkey
## 
### 
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 13 (UP).
Asia Minor's earthquake and flood
stricken area suffered more earth
shocks today which damaged at least
500 houses.
