# '56 Psych Majors To Meet Today
## 
### 
Robert R. Scars, head of the De
partment of Psychology, will meet
with the junior majors today in
Room 53, Cubberley, at 4:15 p.m.
The juniors' place in the organiza
tion and the department's research
setup will be explained.
Professor Sears will also discuss
the Social Science Research Council
stipends offered for 1955. Fifty
awards of Undergraduate Research
Stipends will be made to promising
students in the United States and
Canada. They will devote eight
weeks or more during the summer
between their junior and senior
years to research under the guid
ance of a designated faculty super
visor.
The students will work at their
own schools and will receive $600,
plus expenses. Research will fall
under the general subject of "prob
lems in human behavior." The re
search will be brought to a close
during the senior year.
