# New Union Dining Room Serves 800 Meals Daily
## 
### 
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
) The use of the dining facilities at the
new Union has been consistently de
veloping, states Miss Etta Handy, in
charge, and 800 meals are now being
served daily. This is regarded as very
encouraging, when it is considered that
last Quarter, with a full enrollment of
students, 1100 meals were served daily,
and placed before the diner seach day.
Thirty are now eating at the special
student table, where board is $40 a quar
ter. with reductions for late starting,
while regular 40- and 50-cent lunches are
given. Breakfast specials range from 15
to 35 cents in price, and the dinners in
the evening are arranged on a 50- and
60-cent basis.
