# OLD STANFORD INN IS ON MOVE TO GRIDIRON
## 
### 
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
The old University Inn building,
Stanford's memorial of ancient times,
is slowly being pulled from its his
toric site to its new location on the
old football field.
This structure, which was erected in
the middle "nineties" was condemned
this year with the completion of the
new Union. The building will be used
in connction with the local R. O. T.
C. unit, and the barracks which were
to have been removed to make place
for the Inn will remain, as a new loca
tion has been selected for the struc
ture.
