# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Mechanics Fair in its arrange
ments fora university nijjht should
have consulted the convenience of
the students. As it is very few, if
any, Stanford students will beat the
Fair to-night, while if either Friday
night or Saturday night had been
selected, no student from Palo Alto
who wished to attend the great cit
rus display would have been pre
vented by the preparation of his next
day's studies.
The Mechanics Fair in its arrange
ments fora university nijjht should
have consulted the convenience of
the students. As it is very few, if
any, Stanford students will beat the
Fair to-night, while if either Friday
night or Saturday night had been
selected, no student from Palo Alto
who wished to attend the great cit
rus display would have been pre
vented by the preparation of his next
day's studies.
