# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SLEEPING BEAUTY
another of Mercury's com
plete ballets in very plush
packaging . . . what a gor
geous gift for a special gal.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
