# High Schoolers Gather Here For Speech Tourney
## 
### 
Students from 32 California high
schools will debate the question
"How Should Educational Opportu
nities Be Inereaesd for the Youth of
the United States?" here today and
tomorrow.
The high school speech tourna
ment will feature debate, discussion
and student-faculty seminars. Be
tween 150 and 200 students are ex
pected to attend.
Discussions will be held tonight a!
History Corner, and the main topic
will be debated tomorrow in the
Education Building.
Seminars will feature three talks
by Stanford faculty members. Dr.
Leonard Horn of the Political Sci
ence Department will talk on "The
Political Implications of Government
Aid to Education."
Dr. Nathaniel Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, will talk o*
"The Present Educational Opportu
nities Beyond High School."
