# Air Raid Drill
## 
### 
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
The air raid siren atop (he
Stanford Fire House will wail
at 11 a.m. today as part of a
state-wide Civil Defense drill.
Students will not be required
to take any active part in the
exercise.
