# Graduate Receives Commission Award
## 
### 
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
Stanford graduate Sheldon Knight
was awarded a regular Air Force
commission recently in nation-wide
competition with approximately 500
AFROTC graduates.
Knight was graduated from the
University last June as a "Distin
guished Military Graduate," receiv
ing a commission at that time. He
was one of four Stanford AFROTC
graduates who applied for a regular
commission.
Ninety - nine such commissions
were adwarded in the competition.
Knight, a physics major, is sched
uled to go on active duty Feb. 15
and plans to make the Air Force his
career.
