# A 						Bill to Suppress Football.
## 
### 
A member of the Missouri legis
lature has drawn up a bill which
will place football on the same

level as prize fighting. The bill,
if it becomes a law, makes it a mis
demeanor or a felony to play the
game anywhere in the state. The
proposed legislation is severely
criticised everywhere, and while
those introducing the bill hope to
see it become a law, there are others
who believe there are sufficient
strong-minded men in the body to
give the bill a crushing defeat. The
necessity for introducing the mea
sure is not understood. The fact
that football has as many support
ers among women as men is the
strongest evidence that the game is
not brutal, as the Missouri legisla
tors would have people believe.
The originator of the bill is a con
vincing evidence of the truth of the
saying that all the fools are not
yet dead.â€”Cornell Daily Sun.
