# Arrangements for the Election.
## 
### 
The coming election of the editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto to!
he held next Friday is exciting
great interest. Both candidates i
are popular, and a close vote will
undoubtedly he polled. The sub
committee, appointed by the "Exec-:
utive Committee to make the!
arrangements for the election, con
sisting of Wardall, '97, chairman,!
Pratt, '97, and Horst, '98, have
decided to have the polls open from
11:80 to 2:80 at the north entrance
of the quadrangle on Friday, Dec-j
ember 11. The committee has had
1200 ballots printed, on which the;
names of the two candidates, J. 11.
Nourse, '07, and W. C. McNeil, '98,
appear. The Executive Committee |
of the Associated Students will
have charge of the count.
