# Would-Be Rapist Still Not Caught
## 
### 
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
There are no major develop
ments in the continuing investi
gation of the recent rape and
kidnap attempt on the Stanford
campus, according to Lieut.
Leon Talisfore of the Santa
Clara County Sheriff's office.
Several suspects have been
checked out, but apparently
none of them proved to be the
man who committed the crimes,
according to Talisfore.
