# Newton D. Baker Honored by Fund
## 
### 
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
CLEVELAND, O. (UP).—Western
Reserve University has established
a memorial fund in honor of the
late Newton D. Baker, Cleveland
resident and Secretary of War dur
ing the World War.
The goal of the fund is $3,000,000,
which will be used to crect a me
morial college building and to en
dow adult education at Cleveland
College — one of the university's
schools.
