# B.A.C. RETAINS FARM COACHING STAFF
## 
### 

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.

STANFORD'S BIG RED MACHINE will l>e piloted through the 1940 football season hy the same four men that were at the controls the pas
year. Shown above, left to right, are Jim Lawson, end coach; Bobby Grayson, backfield coach; Tiny Thornhill, head coach; and Ben Winkel
man, assistant coach. Grayson was reappointed Saturday night by action of the Board of Athletic Control.
