# Cardinal Nine Takes Strong Bronc Varsity
## 
### 
In what could easily be called a !
one-sided ball game, Coach Harry [
Wolters' varsity nine last Saturday j
turned in a much desired 8 to 4 |
victory over a strong Santa Clara j
team. Victory over the much ex- j
ploited Santa Clara boys points I
clearly to what promises to be the j
best varsity baseball season in re- j
cent years.
Stocky hurler Lazzarone was defi
nitely the best man on the field, j
He started the game and held the j
situation always well in hand. l
Jamieson, as usual, turned in a good j
afternoon's performance by his'
backstopping work.
Question as to how well substitute
Herb Bull was going to plug the
vacancy left by injured Elton Boone j
was very favorably answered. The ;
Mr. Bull in question permitted only !
one bad-bounder to slip past, and 1
surprised Cardinal fans with three
safe bingos out of four trips to the j
plate.
