# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Norma Godfrey, '40,
to Marvin Taylor, '38, Kappa Sigma.
