# Lagunita Tea Guests Meet Stalnakers
## 
### 
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
About five hundred faculty and
student guests visited Lagunnta
Court Sunday to meet Dean and
Mrs. John M. Stalnaker. From 4 to
6 p.m. the guests were entertained
in the Lagunita lobby and social
rooms and enjoyed tea and a light
lunch in the Lagunita dining hall.
The floral ccntcrpicce for the
large table in the dining hall was
arranged by Podcsta's fro*n San
Francisco. Chrysanthemums and
roses helped to carry out the yel
low and white color scheme used
in the candle-lit room. Chrysan
themums were also used to deco
rate the individual tables. Mag
nolia and date palms decorated
the Lagunita lobby.
Six Court musicians provided
background music for the formal
affair. Playing the piano in the
lobby and social rooms were Bar
bara Hood, Carolyn Siefert, Joanne
Green, and Mary Drumm. A trio
entertained in the Eucalypto social
room. They were Louise Phillips,
violin; Mary Drum, piano; and Lois
Griffins, 'cello. Miss Griffitts was
in charge of the musical arrange
ments.
In the receiving line were Dean
and Mrs. Stalnaker, newly ap
pointed Dean of Students; Miss
Lucie Lataillade, director of La
gunita; Mrs. Mary Benjamin, as
sistant director; Mrs. Erna Lchan,
director of the dining hall; O. D.
Phillips, president of Lagunita
Court; and the casa presidents:
Barbara Scavcr, Adelfa; Ruth
Lcvison, Naranja: Joanne Fellows,
Granada; Charlotte Anderson, Eu
calypto; Mary Jane Skillnian, Oli
vo; and Nancy Hand, Magnolia.
General chairman for the tea was
Madelin Brill. This was the first
formal tea Lagunita had sponsored
since November 1940.
