# Conference To Discuss Leadership
## 
### 
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
A discussion on leadership is the
main item on the agenda for today's
meeting of Women's Conference at
3 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse,
according to Beaty O'Hair, vice
chairman.
Conference will consider the
participation and interest that
house presidents are getting in
their house meetings and the
possible improvement of house
meetings in regard to presenta
tion.
Conference will also discuss the
Scholarship Cup and a method of
appointing a Scholarship Committee
with representation from each liv
ing unit. Conference members are
reminded to turn in the names of
their house scholarship chairman at
Joday's meeting. Each chairman
will determine the average of her
house at the end of each quarter.
Patty Patten, chairman of Con
ference, has asked house presi
dents to turn in their Vocom
questionnaires and the names of
girls in their house interested in
Sophomore Vocom.
