# Labor Conference Plans Wage Stand
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UP).—
Industry delegates were reported
tonight to fce considering "some
constructive stand on wages" in the
National Labor-Management Con
ference when it reconvenes Tuesday.
President Philip Murray of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations
was said to have cleared away con
siderable misunderstanding among
management delegates about his ob
jectives when he disclaimed any
desire to have the conference work
out specific percentage wage rate
increases.
