# Women's Gym Pool Open in Afternoon
## 
### 
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
Women's Athletic Association has
announced that the swimming pool
at-the Women's Gymnasium is open
for recreational swimming for wom
en students Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday at 5, Thursday at 2, and
Friday at 3.
Women employees, women facul
ty, and wives of students may swim
daily at noon Monday through Fri
day for $1.25 for half the quarter.
