# UC Professor To Discuss Far East
## 
### 
Chalmers A. Johnson, assistant
professor of political science at
the University of California. Ber
keley, will discuss the United
States' dilemma in foreign policy
toward the Far East at the Tues
day Evening Series presentation
tonight at 7:45 p.m. in Dinkel
spiel.
Prof. Johnson is a faculty as
sociate at UC's Center for Chi
nese Studies, and reads both Chi
nese and Japanese. During 1961-
02 he traveled extensively in
Japan and Southeast Asia.
He is the author of "Peasant
Nationalism and Communist
Power" and "An Instance of Trea
son: Oazaki Hotsumi and 1 h e
Sorge Spy Ring," due next month
from the Stanford University
Press.
Prof. Johnson lias published
articles and reviews in World
Politics. The China Quarterly,
and The Journal of Asian Stud
ies.
