# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
.. a
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flect-lcase
Palo Alta Ddtsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
