# Hope stays alive
## 
### 
Rev. Jesse Jackson, con
tinuing themes from his own
presidential campaign, exhorts
a White Plaza audience on Fri
day to "Keep hope alive" by
fighting for its ideals and by
voting for Democratic presi
dential candidate Gov. Michael
Dukakis on Nov. 8.
In addition to bashing the
campaign tactics of Vice Pres
ident Bush, Jackson stressed
the need for the Stanford com
munity to combat racism,
praised the efforts of the Co
alition of Color, and pledged
his support to the United Stan
ford Workers union In its cur
rent contract negotiations with
the University.
After the speech, Jackson
entered the crowd to shake
hands and meet with his sup
porters In the crowd of nearly
3,000.
