# A 						Renowned Visitor Expected.
## 
### 
Dr. Ross is expecting Prof. Lester
F. Ward of Washington, 1). C., to
visit him this month. Mr. Ward is
a world-renowned scientist and
economist, the author of " Dynamic
Sociology," as well as numerous
other ponderous works on science
and ethics, lie is an uncle of Mrs.
Ross, and will be welcomed at Stan
ford on personal as well as profes
sional grounds.
Dr. Ross is expecting Prof. Lester
F. Ward of Washington, 1). C., to
visit him this month. Mr. Ward is
a world-renowned scientist and
economist, the author of " Dynamic
Sociology," as well as numerous
other ponderous works on science
and ethics, lie is an uncle of Mrs.
Ross, and will be welcomed at Stan
ford on personal as well as profes
sional grounds.
Dr. Ross is expecting Prof. Lester
F. Ward of Washington, 1). C., to
visit him this month. Mr. Ward is
a world-renowned scientist and
economist, the author of " Dynamic
Sociology," as well as numerous
other ponderous works on science
and ethics, lie is an uncle of Mrs.
Ross, and will be welcomed at Stan
ford on personal as well as profes
sional grounds.
Dr. Ross is expecting Prof. Lester
F. Ward of Washington, 1). C., to
visit him this month. Mr. Ward is
a world-renowned scientist and
economist, the author of " Dynamic
Sociology," as well as numerous
other ponderous works on science
and ethics, lie is an uncle of Mrs.
Ross, and will be welcomed at Stan
ford on personal as well as profes
sional grounds.
