# Gymnasium for Dr. Wood.
## 
### 
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
The Teachers College of Columbia,
University has !>een given two hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars for
the erection and equipment of a
gymnasium building. This is of in
terest to the students of Stanford
because the direction of the gym
nasium will be in the hands of Dr.
T. 1). Wood, who for nine years
held the position of physical direc
tor here. The gymnasium is for
the pupils of the Horace Mann
School primarily, and the women
students of the University.
The building is to be five stories
high with basement. The gymna

sium proper will occupy the fourth
and fifth floors. The third floor
will be devoted to dressing and
bathing rooms; the second floor to
four large exercise halls, and the
ground floor will be for the officers
of the department of physical edu
cation, and for laboratories for
study and experimentation in phys
iology and anatomy. There will he
rooms also for the study of the I
special senses, as the eye, ear,;
throat, as well as a room for the
treatment and correction of abnor
malities, such as curvature of the
spine. The basement and court
will be fora swimming pool, bowl
ing alleys, hand-ball court, and
similar objects.
