# DAILEY WINS TOURNEY
## 
### 
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
Warren Dailey won the All-Uni
versity Goli Tournament by defeat
ing Bob Sims, 7 and 6, to take the
championship.
