# Farm Folkdancers To Hold Last Dance
## 
### 
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
Stanford Folkdancers will present
their last square dance of the quar
ter tomorrow night from 8 to 12 at
Mangini's Barn, behind Rudy's Al
pine Inn. Admission is 50 cents stag
or per couple.
