# GRAD STUDENT FLING
## 
### 
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
The Graduate Student Association
will hold a party June 9 from 4 to 6
, p.m. at Chez Yvonne. Seniors who
will return next year arc welcome.
