# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
Instead of the usual device of
having a master, or masters, of
ceremonies, the 1934 Gaieties
will he given a degree of unity
by the device of a continuity,
featuring a newspaper office
with its editor-in-chief and
several departmental editors.
Gordon Steedman, inspired
"Chappie" editor, and veteran
of several Gaieties, is respon
sible for this innovation.
