# CANCEL WOMEN'S GYM
## 
### 
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
Women's classes in physical edu
cation scheduled for this afternoon j
at 4 or 5 o'clock have been can
celled.
