# TUITION NOTES
## 
### 
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
Applications and renewals
for men's tuition notes must
be filed tomorrow afternoon,
according to Miss Vivienne
Church, secretary to the Dean
of Men. This is the absolute
dead-line, Miss Church stated;
so anyone wishing this finan
cial uid next quarter must ap
ply before tomorrow afternoon.
Miss rhurrh urges all men to
apply early.
