# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
Casa Olivo announces the engage
ment of Fran Barnes, '57. to Logan
Dameron, '55.
