# Off-Campus Men
## 
### 
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
Lawson Warburton was elected
president of the Off-Campus Men in
the election held in Bowman Alumni
House last night. Other officers cho
sen for the year are Dick Bates,
vice-president; Joe Rynear, secre
tary; and Harry Kimball, treasurer.
