# Operation Abolition' Screening Set Tonight
## 
### 
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
The Palo Alto-Stanford Demo
cratic Club will show the contro
versial film dealing with the San
Francisco City Hall riots against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities tonight at
8:15 in room R of the Palo Alto
Community Center.
Entitled "Operation Abolition,"
the film will be a feature of the
club's public meeting.
