# Engagement Announced
## 
### 
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
The Physics department an
nounces the engagement of Ed
ward S. Ginsberg, Brown '59, to
Janet Marie Rosencrants, 'GO.
