# PLANS FOR TRACK WORK.
## No General Fall Training to Begin. Captain Holman Returns Next Week. 
### 
Unless Captain Holman decides
otherwise on his return from Mas
sachusetts in about a week, the
track squad will not meet for regu
lar work until the spring semester.
Instead of issuing a general call
for candidates, Trainer Moulton is
on the track every day from 10:30
to 12 and 2:30 to 6 to meet men
doing voluntary track work as
well as those substituting gymna
sium time. The trainer says that
much interest is being shown in
fall training. He is especially de
sirous that men who have never
taken track work before shall ap
pear on the track. It is from such
talent that he hopes to build win
ning teams for the future.
It is the intention of Moulton that
present fall work shall put the track
men in the best possible condition
with the least expenditure of time.
He is anxious to see each track
man on the oval for a short time
every day, and those who are short
on time can report for work at
least three times a week. Although
the regular handicap field-day will
take place immediately after the
football season is over, no severe
training will be required for it.
Moulton has been keeping a close
watch on the Freshmen of the
gymnasium sections, and he ex
presses himself as convinced that
the entering class will furnish sev
eral point winners for the intercol
legiate field meet.
