# Junipero Serra Club To Give Dance This Evening In Women's Clubhouse
## 
### 
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
Ambrose Whitmer and his six-piece
orchestra will provide music for the
dance to he given by the Junipero Serra
Club this evening in the Women's Club
house.
The dance is open to the public, and as
it is the only campus dance taking place
tonight, a large attendance i> expected.
The admission charge will be $1.10.
