# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Saturday's game, although a vic
tory for California, offers a great
deal of encouragement for our
chances in the next contest. Ber
keley is by no means invincible.
Her fielding and base-running were
as full of errors ns our own, and
it was only through our inability
to take advantage of so many blun
ders that we lost. The most costly
defect of the team was the apparent

nervousness of many of the new
men. Berkeley's players are mostly
veterans and in this they had an
advantage which will be wanting
in the next game. What our team
needs is better support from the
student body," Berkeley completely
outclassing us in this regard.
Proper encouragement would give
confidence to our team, and thus
greatly advanue our chances of
winning the baseball series.
