# Band Will Represent University.
## 
### 
A meeting of the University
Band held several days ago in the
chapel was addressed by Cecil
Marrack, student body president,
who urged that the band represent
Stanford in the parade at San Jose,
May 14th, to welcome President
McKinley. It had been intended
to have the University represented
by a float, but that would cost
$200, which is more than the stu
dent body could spare. It is, how
ever, very important that the Uni
versity should be represented in
some fitting manner in the parade,
and the University Band seems the
best means. The members of the
band, after some consideration, de
cided to accept the proposition.
D. M. Horn, '03, was elected mana
ger and will try to obtain more
instruments. A clarinet and two
trombones are especially needed.
The members who play in the pro
cession will receive their expenses.
All persons who can play band in
struments are urged to offer their
services in order that the organi
zation may give a good account of
itself and be a fitting representa
tive of Stanford.
