# PLAY USHERS
## 
### 
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
Applications for ushering jobs at
tiie Assembly Hall during 1933-34
dramatic season will be accepted at
ihe office ox the dramatic manager
in the Union from 1-2 o'clock Wed
nesday afternoon. Preference will
be given to experienced men.

Love birds will have to do their
cooing elsewhere than at the L.A.
J.C. football games, since five
bleacher sections on the 50-yard
line are to be roped off for "men j
! rooters only."
