# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
Graduate Club May Be Reestablished.
There is a rumor'that the Graduate
Club of the University will be re
vstablished. If this is accomplished,
it will largey be due to the efforts
of Professor C. A. Duniway, of the
History department, who has been
actively interested in the club since
its establishment in November, 1904.
M. A, Thomas, '04, was president last
year. It is greatly to be hoped that
the club will again come into exist
ence, as there is need of such an or
ganization here.
