# MISS MARY HERDMAN MARRIED IN MANILA.
## 
### 
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
A marriage of interest to campub
people is that of Miss Mary Herdman,
ex-'l2 to Robert Bruce Scott of Toron
to, Canada, which took place recentlv
in Manila, P. I. The wedding was the
result of an acquaintance made 011
board the steamer bound for the Phil
ippines.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present in
Australia and will complete the trip
around the world before returning to
Toronto, where they will make their
future home.
Miss Herdman is a member of Pi Het.i
Phi and was co-author of the 1912 Jun
ior opera "The Uvernian Princess."
