# Red Scarf Club Holds Reception.
## 
### 
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
The Red Scarf Club gave its second
annual concert and a reception to its
friends last evening in the Faculty
Clubhouse.
