# Will Speak 011 Huxley.
## 
### 
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
Professor V. L. Kellogg of the Ent
omology department will deliver an
address on Huxley, Tuesday evening at
eight o'clock in the Botanical lecture
room, lfiO, Physiology building.
