# Professor Fairclough Tours Northwest
## 
### 
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
Professor H. R. Fairclough, who is
western secretary of the Archaeologi
cal Institute of America, will be ab
sent from the University for about a
fortnight while on a tour of the west
ern societies. He will go north as far
as Vancouver and Victoria, British Co
lumbia, and will lecture at various
points on the archaeology of Rome.
