# Will Talk on Juvenile Court.
## 
### 
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
"Constructive Criticisms of the .Juv
enile Court" is the subject of an ad
dress to he given hy Probation Officer
Astredo of San Francisco in the Chapel
at -1:30 tomorrow afternoon. The talk
will be held under the auspices of the
Young Woman's Christian Association
and will be open to all. Miss Margaret
Graham, '12, will preside at the meet
ing.
