# LETTER MEN TO HAVE OWN SECTION IN GAME
## 
### 
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
Skull and Snakes will have an "S"
section in the game Saturday, when
it will be the first time letter men
have attended a contest in a body.
Thirty-one men, comprising the "S"
men now at Stanford, will sit in the
section. The varsity men will wnar
their red sweaters, displaying the
block "S".
