# TO DISCUSS DEMOCRACY
## 
### 
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
Williamstown Institute of Human
Relations will hold a discussion pe
riod from August 29 to September 3
at Williams, Mass.. on the general
theme of "Public Opinion in Democ
racy." Students who wish to attend
should register through the National
Conference of Jews and Christians,
289 Fourth Avenue, New York, N.Y.,
by the end of this quarter.
