# The 						“Sequoia."
## 
### 
The Sequoia of this year shows
a serious intent to maintain its
standard, and numbers 1 and 2 are
creditable to the editor. His taste
cannot be too much commended, in
removing the unsightly editorial
board to the back of each number.
As to the contents, No. 1 contains
an article on journalism well worth
reading. The second issue presents
a semi-humorous sketch by Bristow
Adams —"The Stor)' of a Rawhide
Chair." The author's style is un
deniably clever, and he brings be
fore our notice the exaggerated por
trait of a real ex-student. The pa
per needs more stories of college
life.
The Sequoia verse, so far, is not
exceptional. Mention may be made
however, of a sonnet by l\ B. Ans
pacher, in No. 2 The motif of this
poem is not original or especially
beau'iful, but its construction is
excellent.
