# CALIFORNIA DEFEATS U.S.C. IN BASEBALL
## 
### 
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
Carl Zamloch's University of Cali
fornia varsity baseball team defeated
U.S.C. Trojans yesterday at California
Field by a score of 8 to 5. Scotty
Tait, California third baseman, was
the heaviest hitter of tho day, making
a home run, a double, and a single in
three times at bat.
Nounan pitched for California, with
Lloynd catching, while U.S.C. sent
Guichard and Laranota to the mound,
with Gibson behind the bat. This con
cludes the Trojan games in the north
Score is as follows: R. H. E.
California 8 10 3
U.S.C 5 9 3
