# NOTICE
## 
### 
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
Students who wish to receive their
grades during the vacation should
leave stamped addressed envelopes at
the Registrar's office this week. En
velopes may be obtained at a cost of
five cents, at the office of the Regis
trar in the Administration building.
The receipts of the sale will be used
for the benefit of the Stanford Conva
lescent Home .
