# Profs Chosen
## 
### 
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
Nineteen new faculty mem
bers in African, East Asian, and
Latin American studies will be
added to the Stanford staff in
1965-1966. '
Carl B. Spaeth, chairman of
the university's Committee on
International Studies, announced
the appointments of five special
ists in African affairs, five in
Latin American, and nine in East
Asian.
The appointments were made
possible by the Ford Founda
tion's grants of more than $3
million since 1962 for the devel
opment of International Studies
at Stanford.
Stanford presently offers no
degrees in area studies except
for an A.M. in Lai in American
Studies. However, faculty com
mittees encourage research and
teaching activities related to the
specific areas and assist in ihe
allocation of fellowship funds
and in the development of new
courses.
