# GRIN AND BEAR IT
## 
### BY LICHTY 

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate

.. And when they tell you their ambition is to live like
Americans you tell 'em a lot of Americans wish they
could live like that, too!"

Courtesy Publishers Newspaper Syndicate
