# TO STATE LEGISLATURE
## 
### 
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
MADISON, Wis., April 4. (/P) The
effort to repeal Wisconsin's prohibi
tion enforcement law moved to the
state legislature today bearing a two
to-one endorsement, from voters in
Tuesday's election. Both those favor
ing repeal and those opposing it con
centrated their attention on the state
capital, the wets demanding prompt
action as a result of their pool tri
umph, the drys equally anxious to turn
election defeat into legislative vic
tory.
Because a boy, 17, brushed against his
coat as he passed, a man in New York
knocked him down; the fall resulted in
the bov's death.
