# Dr. Walter Miles Attends Psychology Meet In East
## 
### 
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
Dr. Walter R. Miles, professor of
Experimental Psychology, is attend
ing a meeting of a small group of ex
perimental psychologists at Princeton
in New Jersey this week. Dr. Miles is
the only member of the group west
of Chicago. He visited a number of
psychological laboratories on the way
east and will visit others on the re
turn trip.
Dr. Miles expects to return to the
Campus April 11. Homer E. Weaver,
assistant in the department, is con
ducting his classes in his absence.
