# TO STAR FOR TROY
## 
### 

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.

Charlie Borah, crack sprinter from
U.S.C., who is doped to humble Tem
pleton's Card trackmen in the 100-
and 220-yard events tomorrow. "Hec"
Dyer of the Stanford squad is slated
to make him show his best to win the
220. This race will probably be the
track feature of tomorrow's Coast
classic.
