# Last Chance To Try Out For Daily Staff Offered
## 
### 
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
The list of tryoutees for the edi
torial staff of the Daily has been
swelled to thirty-two with the addi
tion of six more aspiring journalists.
There will be a meeting of the try
outees at 1:15 o'clock today in the
Daily office and this will be the last
opportunity to sign up. Those who
wish to try out and are not able to
attend today's meeting are asked to
get in touch with Margaret Cummings,
women's editor, at the Daily office.
