# ATTEND ANNUAL MEETING
## 
### 
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
Elizabeth B. Snell, appointment sec
retary, and Ruth TracKsell, assistant,
plan to attend the Eighteenth Annual
Meeting of the Associated Civil Ser
vice Congress to be held in Berkeley
on April 12-13. Fred Telford, director
of the Bureau of Public Personnel at
Washington, Iwill be uiuoug the
speakers.
