# Tuffanelli, Frosh Win
## 
### 
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
A bloop single was all lhat kept
Denny Tuffanelli from pitching a no
hit game as the freshmen walloped
Santa Clara High School 7 to 0 on
the Sunken Diamond yesterday
afternoon.
The hit, which came in the sixth
inning, was a short pop-up to right
which right fielder Russ Wharton
just couldn't get under. Tuffanelli
walked one and hit two batters but
was never in trouble and no Santa
Clara runner went beyond second.
The freshmen collected only five
hits but errors and walks plus some
fancy base running helped run up
the score. Dick Clegg collected a
triple and a single and Larry
"Available" Fink smashed out two
singles to lead the attack. Bruce
Cameron beat out a bunt for the
fifth hit. All five hits figured in the
scoring.
