# Adv. 27 Page 4
## 
### 
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
KINCONADA OFFICERS
President, Rick Stearns; Social
Chairmen, Van Manuel, Bruce
Wiggins; Athletic Chairman,
Bruce Miller; Cultural Chair
man, Oz Childs; Secretary Trea
surer. Don Lecraw.
