# Nazi Civilians Lynch Allies, Says Gunner
## 
### 
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
GOTTENBURG, Sweden, Oct. 21—
An American Flying Fortress gunner
brought here in the Allied-German
prisoner exchange said enraged Ger
man civilians tried to mob American
fliers shot down near Hamburg three
months ago and that he had heard
reliably that two Americans were
lynched at Hamburg.
Staff Sergeant Benny Spring, 22,
Denver, Colo., waist gunner on a
Fving Fortress shot down after a
raid on Hamburg Jaly 25 was placed
on the exchange ship Atlantis when
he told his story last night but he
said he probably would have been
killed if the German civilians had
caught him. German military guards
rushed him and seven other Ameri
cans to safety.
British prisoners confirmed his
story of attempted mob action and
said that civilians sometimes reached
downed airmen and mistreated them
betore German soldiers arrived.
