# Hilltop House Tea Honors Graduates
## 
### 
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
Hilltop House is to be the setting
for a tea honoring 120 graduate
women Sunday between 3 and 5
o'clock. Guests of honor for the af
fair will be Mrs. Trcsidder, Dean
Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia Doyle,
Miss Hannible, Mrs. Babetts Doyle,
and Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly.
The tea is sponsored by 13 gradu
ate students who now reside at Hill
top House, the former home of Dean
and Mrs. Cubberly.
