# Untitled Article
## 
### 

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.

One by one the Jap bases in the South Pacific are falling into Ameri
can hands. Here, I. S. Marines take possession of one of the Ellice
Islands.
