# PANHELLENIC
## 
### 
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
Panhellenic requests that all trans
fers belonging to one of the nine
national sororities on the Stanford
campus leave their names in the
Dean of Women's office by Oct. 30.
