# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
Lillian, famed hen from Petaluma.
Calif., outdid herself and laid an
other egg at 4:54 this morning. This
is the second egg she has laid in the
last week.
