# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
ANOTHER BIC ONE
for Sinatra is his
new LP "Close to
You."
Real Swoonish.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. • DA 3-5791
ENGINEERS
Fcscarch nnd Dcvolopmnnt in Iho
Scicnce ol Missiles
The Hypersonic Test Vchicic
(HTV) was developed by crea
tive young engineers at Acro
physics — men who are now
probing new and hitherto un
explored fields of science. The
future with this progressive
group promises interesting and
exciting careers to top - flight
engineers.
Aerophyhics representatives,
Kon Fon Ho, technical repre
sentative, and Web Jones, em
ployment manager, will conduct
interviews on campus january
28 and 29.
]une graduates in physics and
aerodynamics, electronic and
mechanical engineering arc in
vited to meet with the recruit
ing team. Interviews will be
held at the Placement Scrvice.
Aerophysics
Development Corp.
A Curtiss-Wright Subsidiary
Post Office Box 689
Santa Barbara, Calif.
