# Photographs, Quad Art, To Be Shown In Gallery
## 
### 
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
The Stanford Art Gallery during
the next two weeks will feature an
exhibit of art work done for the
Quad by Richard Stephens, Sail
Francisco artist, and a display of
photography by Stanford men.
Two large oil paintings, used as
frontispieces in the yearbook, will
be shown along with about 25
sketches of scenes, some of which
could not be included in the- Quad.
Following the close of the exhibit
here on June 15, it will be moved
to the Beaux Arts Gallery in San
Francisco.
The photographic collection will
present, June 3-17, the work of
Dwight Bentel; D. Theodore McAl
lister; Howard Porter, former pro
fessional news photographer; Wil
liam V. Ward, who has been doing
special work for Professor-Emeritus
Bailey Willis; and George Waters.
