# Orchesis Program Set for Tonight
## 
### 
Dances choreographed and cos
tumed by members of the Orchesis
and Choreography II class will be
presented tonight at 7:30 in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym.
The show will be a studio concert
showing compositions which are to
be presented in the Spring Concert,
April 1 and 2 in Memorial Audito
rium.
The program will feature dances
such as "The Faith of the Donkey,"
told in movement, a study designed
to show how the passage of time af
fects various individuals; a rhyth
mic dance done entirely to the beat
of drums; a Nightmare, and De Fa
lla's Ritual Fire Dance. The group
wil also do an interpretation of Gor
don Jenkins' "Seven Dreams" based
on the sixth dream.
The public is invited.
