# STADIUM COMPLETED AT TOTAL OUTLAY OF LESS THAN $205,000
## Details Exceeding First Estimates Completely Paid 
### 
The Stanford Stadium, the estimated
cost of which was $210,000, has been
completed and paid for at a total cost
of $204,639.32. The Board of Athletic
Control has now paid the last contrac
tor's bill.
Not only is this total cost so far un
der the estimated figure, but further
more, it includes a number of items
which were not covered in the original
estimate of $210,(KK). Among these items
are a drinking water system, a number
of small booths for ticket sales, infor
mation bureaus, and similar purposes, a
score-board, ilag poles, which in them
selves cost about $600, and the planting
of the stadium. This last item alone
cost in the neighborhood of $6,000, and
was originally regard&d as an additional
expense to the $210,000. All these items
were at the beginning of the enterprise
regarded as extra expenses to be cared
for.
Included in this cost of under $205,000.
is a sum of roughly $600 which Baker
and Carpenter, the firm of engineers in
charge of the work, both of whom are
Stanford graduates, will return to the
stadium as a gift, in accordance with
their pledge in the beginning to donate
2 per cent of their fees to the. stadium
fund.
Four items connected with the stadium
remain to be completed and will be fin
ished within the next six months. These
items are the tearing down of what is
left of the old bleachers around the for
mer football field, the building of the
track in the new stadium, the erection
of permanent houses for the accommo
dation of teams using the stadium, and
the building of permanent lavatories.
Baker and Carpenter have been in
structed to prepare plans and specifica
tions for the new track in co-operation
with "Dad" Moulton. This group of
men were the builders of the track at
the Panama-Pacific Exposition.
