# Civil Engineers Will Hold Annual Smoker Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold its annual departmental smoker,
tomorrow evening, at 7:30, .in the
Faculty Clubhouse. An interesting
program has been arranged, besides
smokes and refreshments. All civil
engineering students, especially those
in the Lower Division, are invited to
be present. Contrary to rumor, there
will be no admission charge.
