# RUGBY GAME CANCELED
## 
### 
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
Saturday's scheduled rugby game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity Club was canceled because of
wet grounds.
