# Adv. 16 Page 9
## 
### 
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
Shoot photos for
The Daily...
(Call Sasha at 725-2100 for
details. No equipment or
experience necessary).
