# Ear Wigglers, Try Out For Dibble Shows at 3
## 
### 
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
If you can sing, dance, or wigffle
your ears you are needed for the
all-campus talent shows to be
presented at Dibble Hospital, ac
cording to Warren Mohr. Try outs
for all students—and all talents—
will be held in the Nitery between
3 and 5 p.m. today.
