# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
I j.
I THE SPACE
V
This corner is at the disposal of
any Stanford student to use as he
pleases. Send your personal no
tices, want ads, poems, jokes, or
even plugs for good ole Longbarn
to Willie at you know where.
Senders of any plug which we print
will receive a card entitling them
to a free dinner at
LONGBARN
