# Xavier Cugat Due At White Rose Ball
## 
### 
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
Bids are going on sale immedi
ately for the Sigma Nu's third an
nual all-campus While Rose Ball,
according to Sandy Stuart, dance
chairman. Tickets can be purchased
at the ASSU office from 1 to 4. at
the Cellar entrance in the morning
or afternoon, or by contacting the
Sigma Nu house.
Xavier Cugat and his orchestra
will be featured at the dance, to
be held Saturday night, Oct. 9, in
the Encina Pavilion.
