# Spaak Says Russia Has Fifth Column
## 
### 
PARIS, Sept. 23 (.-Pi.— Paul-Henri
Spaak of Belgium accused Russia
today of maintaining a fifth column
which he said made that of Hitler
"look like a Boy Scout movement."
He said the Soviet Union has or
ganized a 'fifth column in every
country represented" in the United
Nations General Assembly before
which he spoke. The entire 58-na
tion Assembly, with the exception
of the Soviet bloc, responded with
laughter, cheers, and a five-minute
ovation.
He accused the Russians of an
imperialist policy "more ambitious
than the policy of the Czars them
se'ves," and added: "We fear you
when you preach this antiquated,
this absolute dotcrine of absolute
national sovereignty." •
