# OVER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
San Francisco Bay Area—Clear
today and tomorrow except early
morning fog; little change in tem
perature; moderate westerly wind
in afternoons.
