# California Notes.
## 
### 
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
—The members of the Mask and
Dagger, the dramatic society, will
give a presentation of "The Jeal
ous Wife," at the Macdonough
theater, Oakland, next Saturday
evening.
—The intercollegiate agreement
between Stanford and California,
which provides for a Freshman
baseball game every year, was rati
fied yesterday by the executive
committee of the Associated Stu
dents at California. The date for
the first game was set for about
this time in 1905.
