# IMPORTER TO DISPLAY SMOKING EQUIPMENT
## 
### 
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
T. A. Futchey, Jr., of Shanghai, China,
has recently returned to the United
States with a stock of Oriental Dam
ascene smokers' articles and cigarette
holders, which he will offer to Stanford
students for two clays only, tomorrow
and Wednesday, at Green's cigar store.
This collection was personally gathered
together in China by Futchey, and in
cludes many attractive articles such as
ivory cigarctte holders with special in
signia superimposed. Owing to the
limited size of the stock the sale will
necessarily he for two days only.
