# McClintock to Speak On Debating Methods
## 
### 
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
Miller McClintock, varsity debating
coach, will speak next Wednesday
evening at the regular meeting of
Euphronia Debating Society, in Room
50 of the Education building. His
subject will be, "Debating Methods,"
and he will give some valuable point
ers for beginners on how to debate.
All men interested in debating should
be there, especially first-yfear men.
The meeting will start promptly at
7:30.
