# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford





Pics by Rob and Jim


'''Education is the continuous
process of discovery, beginning
with a man's first day and ending
only when his mind closes in on
itself and can find or conceive
nothing new. "
—Study of Education at Stanford




