# Seminars
## 
### 
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
There are still openings in some
of the Autumn-Winter Freshman
Seminars. Applications are
available in Room 241 C. For
information call Miss Ilene Weeks,
Ext. 2131.
