# Entries Close For Open Golf Tourney
## 
### 
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
NEW YORK, May 17 (UP). — A
near-record entry of approximately
1,160 golfers have entered the Unit
ed States open golf championship,
the U. S. Golf Association an
nounced today.
Entries for the tournament, to be
held at the Cherry Hills Country
Club, Englewood, Col., June 9-11,
closed today.
