# Campus Leaders To Head Institute
## 
### 




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.




SPEAKERS AT TONIGHT'S meeting of the Leadership Institute will
include Barbara Murphy, upper left, Ed Harnett, lower left, and Bar
bara Paine, lower right. Jack Calderwood, upper right, will lead one
of four discussion groups.
