# Adv. 16 Page 7
## 
### 
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
pens
BRUSHES
SCALES
travel
appliances
PIPES
TOYS
KITES
TENNIS BALLS
CHECK
CASHING
S 1
OF
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Cami no
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY QOOOS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
