# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Y
Thoits Insurance
140 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
twcfc
111 Nomer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
