# Dean To Address Klahoya Luncheon
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
Dean Mary Yost will address
members oi the Klahoya Club at
noon today in the Women's Club
house. All off-campus women are
invited to attend the weekly lunch
eon meet.
Dean Yost will discuss the biog
raphy of radium-scientist Madame
Curie, written by her youngest
daughter, and recentlv published.
