# Braddock Retires; Two Champs Left
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31 (UP).—The
complicated heavyweight situation
in which three former champions
were attempting to regain the crown
was simplified somewhat today with
the retirement of ex-Titleholder
James J. Braddock.
