# World Traveler
## 
### 

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.

BRANSON I)E COU. traveler and
lecturer, who will present a musi
cal travelogue, "Florence and the
Italian Hill Towns," in Memorial
Hall tonight.
