# Shepard Lauds Farm Health Plan
## 
### 
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
With an often neglected side of
college life, student health, as his
theme, Dr. Charles E. Shepard, di
rector of the men's health service,
was the speaker on the Stanford
University Hour broadcast over
KGO last night.
"Where student health plans are
operating successfully, as at Stan
ford, students get better care when
they are sick than any other mem
bers of the community, and at less
cost," said Dr. Shepard.
"This is accomplished by the stu
dents paying health fees at registra
tion which entitle them to hospital
ization at reduced rates when they
are sick."
The doctor sees the possibility
"without very much elaboration, of
extending the student health insur
ance plan to the community at large
to meet the costs and needs of medi
cal care."
