# LA 						PIERE TAKES LEAVE
## 
### 
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
Professor Richard LaPiere, ;i
member of Stanford's Economics
department for the past ten years
has accepted an offer to teach so
ciology at Michigan University dur
ing 1938-39. He will return to the
| campus the following year.
