# TAXICAB DRIVER SHOT
## 
### 
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
w*/%iv m> I'M \ r,h
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
Frank J. Shields, 35, taxi driver,
was shot and critically wounded to
day iir a shooting affray at the
Waldorf H"fol
