# ROOSEVELT WILL VISIT THE CAMPUS MARCH 24.
## 
### 
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, former
President of the United States, who,
as previously announced, is to ad
dross an Assembly here this semester,
will be on the campus March LM and
will speak to the students on that
date. The subject of his address is
not yet known, lie will speak at the
10:15 period.
