# Lewis Rolls
## 
### 

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.

I)ave I,*'wis, Stanford quarterback,
rolls out on the option play and bursts
past a C'hl taekler in Saturday's Big
Game. Lewis later set up the winning
touchdown on a pass to Bob Conrad.
