# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After deciding by a class vote to
place the management of the 1910
"Quad" upon an honor basis, and
after having carefully considered a
plan for carrying out this system, it
does not appear that there is any
good reason for further discussion of
this matter at the meeting of the
Sophomore class tomorrow afternoon.
The general basis upon which the
1910 "Quad" is to be managed was
decided at the meeting of the class
on January 31, when the candidates
for editor and manager were nom
inated. Since the manager was se
lected it now appears to be proper for
the board of directors to confer with
him in regard to details. The gen
eral principle of working on the hon
or basis remains unchanged and was
finally decided in January.
