# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
It is a matter of regret that the
Seattle High School will not be rep
resented in the interscholastic meet
this year. This decision has been
received in a recent letter from Se
attle and is due to the fact that a
faculty ruling now makes it impossi
ble for the Seattle athletes to make
trips outside the State of Washing
ton. Whatever may be the cause for
such a regulation, it is most disap
pointing to us that the northern ath
letes cannot participate in the meet
this spring. Last year Seattle had
entered a fast relay team, but was
prevented from taking part in the
meet because their train was delayed
by the severe storms at the time of
the meet. Their entries were looked
forward to with interest this year,
as it was expected that the North
erners would prove worthy oppon
ents for the California athletes. It
is the idea of the Interscholastic As
sociation to have this meet repre
sentative of the entire Pacific Coast
and we sincerely regret that the Se
attle athletes will not be represent
ed this year.
