# CORDILLERAN SECTION OF GEOLOGY SOCIETY TO MEET MARCH 2, 3
## 
### 
The Cordilleran section of the Geo
logical Society of America will meet
at the University of California on
Friday and Saturday, March 2 and 3.
Both fellows of the Society and non
members are urged to submit to the
secretary, Ralph W. Chaney, titles
and abstracts of papers to be pre
sented and should indicate upon sub
mitting these whether or not lantern
slides are to be used and the time
necessary for presentation.
The annual dinner of the Society
will be held on Friday under the
auspices of the Le Conte Club.
In conjunction with the meeting of
the Geological Society, the Pacific
Coast branch of the Paleontological
Society will meet on Saturday morn
ing, March 3.

Survey conclusions show that the
performance of a person in college
can be accurately predicted from his
high school grades.
