# Translation From Russian Poets Discussed by Lanz
## 
### 
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
Professor Henry Lanz, assistant
professor of Slavic languages, spoke
at the meeting of the University
Philological Association, yesterday af
ternoon in the basement of the Wo
men's Clubhouse. He spoke on "Ex
perimental Translations from Russian
Poets." In his talk he stressed his
ideas of translation from the teach
er's standpoint rather than from the
poet's.
