# Untitled Article
## 
### 
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
S. If. Rellah, 'Ift, former Vanity
trark c iptain, established a new North
west rrcori in the pole vault at Eu
gene, Saturday, by clearing the bar at
12 feet 2-3 inches.
