# Quad.
## 
### 
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
Born, to the wife of P. A. Ross
instructor in Physics, a daughter.
