# Dr. Martin Visits Campus.
## 
### 
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
Dr, Lilian .T. Martin, ])rofessor
emeritus of the Psychology depart
ment, made her first visit to the cam
pus, yesterday, when she called on
some of her former classes, now in
charge of Professor Coover. Dr.
Martin intends to visit Stanford
about once a week during the rest of
the semester.
