# Kicks to Touch
## 
### 
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
Dr. Herbert R. Stolz has taken
charge of the Peanut rugby squads, a
fact which assures those in that
league of competent instruction.
"Stubby" knows rugby and knows
how to impart his knowledge to those
working under him. This is of great
importance, since it must be remem
bered that the Peanue League is the
training ground from which varsity
material is secured. Men in the squad
are subject constantly to promotion
and frequent rises are made from the
outside squad to the inside, under
Coacli Brown.
* * * *
Phil Sample is out of tiie Peninsula
hospital, where he has been confined
for the past ten days with an infec
tion resulting from a kick in the eye.
He is not able to attend classes, nor
will he be out for football for a few
days, but "Doc" Reynolds expects to
liave him in shape by the end of the
week.
