# Ball Tossers Meet in Union Thursday
## 
### 
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
Baseball enthusiasts of the campus
are to meet in the Union Thursday
morning at 11 o'clock to sign up for
Peanut League baseball for the 1916
fall season. Graduate Manager Beh
rens expects a big turn out of ball
tossers since much interest has been
evinced by them as to when the league
games would begin.
It is the hope of the committee to
arrange their schedule so that play
will start on the diamond some time
the first of next week. There are
three diamonds that can be used
every night.
