# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health supplies.
® For prompt, professional
prescription compounding.
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
UNJVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
