# Adv. 10 Page 5
## 
### 
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
_ 1
TODAY
158 Stanford students are do
nating blood in the Women's Club
house. Forgetting your appoint
ment is like forgetting a life. If
you don't have an appointment,
come anyway.
GREEK WEEK/69
