# December Magazines.
## 
### 
The Arena contains a very sug
gestive article on "Immigration,
Hard Times, and the Veto." It is
strongly in favor of the bill to be
introduced to limit immigration,
and censures Mr. Cleveland for veto
ing a similar bill last March. " Poor
'Fairly Rich' People " is a finely
satirical criticism of an article by
Anna Wentworth Sears on the in
evitable ruin of young city people
who are so rash as to marry on an
income of only $7000 a year. " Ha
waiian Annexation from a Japanese
Point of View " shows Japan to be
apprehensive of a dangerous colonial
policy on the part of the United
States, though her view would be
favorably modilied if the offer
should be made to continue Japan's
present treaty rights with the
Islands.
