# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thkrk seems to be considerable
interest among the students in gen
eral regarding the special edition
which is to appear on Friday.
Many questions are being asked
the members of the regular staff
concerning the paper which the
ladies are to issue this week. The
present editorial board is as much
in the dark as outsiders. It is
rumored that the staff for that day
has several surprises in store, but
they will be surprises for every
body except for the young ladies
themselves. We wish to state for
the benefit of our regular subscrib
ers that they will each receive a
copy of the paper on Friday as us
ual. All orders fur extra copies
should be given to one of the ed
itorial board of the special edition.
Thkrk seems to be considerable
interest among the students in gen
eral regarding the special edition
which is to appear on Friday.
Many questions are being asked
the members of the regular staff
concerning the paper which the
ladies are to issue this week. The
present editorial board is as much
in the dark as outsiders. It is
rumored that the staff for that day
has several surprises in store, but
they will be surprises for every
body except for the young ladies
themselves. We wish to state for
the benefit of our regular subscrib
ers that they will each receive a
copy of the paper on Friday as us
ual. All orders fur extra copies
should be given to one of the ed
itorial board of the special edition.
Thkrk seems to be considerable
interest among the students in gen
eral regarding the special edition
which is to appear on Friday.
Many questions are being asked
the members of the regular staff
concerning the paper which the
ladies are to issue this week. The
present editorial board is as much
in the dark as outsiders. It is
rumored that the staff for that day
has several surprises in store, but
they will be surprises for every
body except for the young ladies
themselves. We wish to state for
the benefit of our regular subscrib
ers that they will each receive a
copy of the paper on Friday as us
ual. All orders fur extra copies
should be given to one of the ed
itorial board of the special edition.
Thkrk seems to be considerable
interest among the students in gen
eral regarding the special edition
which is to appear on Friday.
Many questions are being asked
the members of the regular staff
concerning the paper which the
ladies are to issue this week. The
present editorial board is as much
in the dark as outsiders. It is
rumored that the staff for that day
has several surprises in store, but
they will be surprises for every
body except for the young ladies
themselves. We wish to state for
the benefit of our regular subscrib
ers that they will each receive a
copy of the paper on Friday as us
ual. All orders fur extra copies
should be given to one of the ed
itorial board of the special edition.
Thkrk seems to be considerable
interest among the students in gen
eral regarding the special edition
which is to appear on Friday.
Many questions are being asked
the members of the regular staff
concerning the paper which the
ladies are to issue this week. The
present editorial board is as much
in the dark as outsiders. It is
rumored that the staff for that day
has several surprises in store, but
they will be surprises for every
body except for the young ladies
themselves. We wish to state for
the benefit of our regular subscrib
ers that they will each receive a
copy of the paper on Friday as us
ual. All orders fur extra copies
should be given to one of the ed
itorial board of the special edition.
