# Crossword
## 
### 
Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 May heromp
4 lor.pph ■
many colorpd
garment
6 Pant s cousin
12 Astronaut
Shepard
14 tir
Ipavps npvpt a
doorway to get
in a god
1# Stravinsky
17 Mo/art
celebration
?o Niagara star
21 Kind of lamp or
galaxy
22 Chess pi»>( p
23 OIp or Mprlin

24 Arv ipnt
Campanian
27 ( ndre
grpal Hungarian
poet
28 Shipfiers abbrs
32 Utterly
33 Chemical sultix
34 I ebanon's
c apilal
35 Mitano landmark
39 Worshiped ones
40 Prune cpnter
41 F rnploy busily
42 Upright
monument
43 Goiter Wonsnam
44 Ruminates
48 [lame F ditli or
Maurice ol tilms

48 Not of
Cambodia
49 Streams
52 112 solPnc
56 Strai iss opera
58 F ndufp
59 not is
60 1 he Rpcl him) thp
flu k
61 Allen tpl an
escaftp
6? Oypt
63 I If si ild Andrpv.
tole
DOWN
1 Mutiirp tispd in
hnckmakinq
2 Thp cheaper
spread
3 'The Magic
Mountain"
ai ithof
4 Dei pivp
5 Horace
composition
• Viotptta s
larpwell
7 In a scanty way
8 Miimongous
9 ice cream
thickpner
10 Tpndpr
11 Cio»«t
13 Suthpflanrl rolp
15 OWpnbach duo
18 Rihln .it r ily in
ttie Nile delta
19 W<#lh and
Castle
24 Vows

25 Wintry
precipitation
28 Irish county
27 Memorabilia
29 Completes
filming
30 Prom drpss
fabric
31 Lingers
33 Grppk goddess
ol dawn
34 Hi ith s wnapon
34 Stand

37 r nstpnpd
nautically
M Author Yirtanq
43 Ptan
44 112 VP S opposite
45 Onp ot Hip
Mohicans
47 GkMnQIHN
girl
48 "Lp Raiser dp
Stravinsky ballet

49 Shoe material
50 Caspian Sea
teerW
51 Ascend
53 I umber |ack9
toots
54 BtbtK al builder
55 To bp in otd
Rome
57 Keatsian subject


