# WOMEN TO HOLD TART SALE TODAY
## 
### 
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
The pit' sale held last Tuesday in
the Chemistry building by lota Sigma
Pi, national women's honorary chem
istry fraternity, was such a success
that it has been decided to make it a
weekly affair, at least for some-time
to come. The tarts will K" on sale
today at three o'clock and both vari
ety and quantity will be provided.
