# NO STAIRS IN CITY
## 
### 
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
GUATEMALA CITY. April 21. (/P)
—This city, capital of the Guate
malan Republic, is entirely without
stairways. Earthquakes are the rea
son. Second and third stories were
abandoned when the city was re
built after a disastrous quake in
1910. 1
