# 'GOD IN NATURE' IS THEME OF VESPERS
## 
### 
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
"God in Nature" will be the theme
of the Y.W.C.A. Vespers to be held
Sunday afternoon from 5:15 to 5:30
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poetry will be read by Ruth Tre
meear, who is in charge of the pro
gram, and there will be appropriate
music. All women interested are
urged to come.
Because of the Washington's
Birthday holiday last week there
were no vesper services, but the
regular program will be resumed
for the remainder of the quarter.
