# PRACTICE TOMORROW
## 
### 
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
Practice for the Dance Drama will
be held in Roble Gymnasium to
morrow morning at 9 o'clock, in
stead of in the Assembly Hall as
previously announced. All those
taking part in the performance must
be present.
