# Untitled Article
## 
### 

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer

'If the [congression
al] subcommittee
had chosen to launch
an investigation of
Wake Forest, it
wouldn't have made
headlines. But every
one's heard of Stan
ford.'
— Charles Hill


'Once the press got
off on a feeding fren
zy, there was no way
to get reason into the
discussion. It was not
unlike the political
debate now.'
— Robert Byer
