# HOLD FIRST MUSICAL PROGRAM TOMORROW
## 
### 
The first musical program for the
new academic year will bo presented
tomorrow evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Memorial Church.
Warren D. Allen, University organ
ist, will be assisted by Esther Houk
Allen, contralto, and Annie Louise
David, harpist. Features of the pro
gram will be Ravel's "Introduction
and Allegro" for harp and organ;
Schubert's "Ave Maria" for voice,
harp, and organ; and a transcription
of Handel's "Music for the Royal Fire
works." The Ravel number will be
played for the first time in the West.
Organ recitals will begin at 4:15
o'clock on Thursday. Following the
plan adopted during the summer, the
Sunday evening recitals will be given
at 7:30 o'clock, starting October 7.
