# THE 						PRESIDENT
## DR. WILBUR WELCOMES THE FRESHMEN 
### 
Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

Thirty-six years ago I knew exactly
how it felt to be a beginner at Stan
ford. It was a great experience for
me, as I know it must be for you now.
Stanford was smaller then, but it had
the same outstanding qualities that
distinguish it today. It offers you a
big return on everything worth while
which you do. It can only give you
what you get through your own ef
forts and industry. It looks to you
to do your best to become educated
men and women with a fine sense of
values and with an appreciation of
quality in all domains of human in
terest. —Ray Lyman Wilbur.

