# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
MONDAY
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Stanford Chap
arral business and circulation man
agerial positions will be held at the
Chaparral office in the Press Build
ing tonight and tomorrow night.
TUESDAY
7:15 p.m.—Executive Committee will
meet in the Student Body office in
the Old Union.
7:15 p.m.—Tryouts for Chaparral busi
ness and managerial positions will
be held in the Chaparral office in
the Press Building.
7:30 p.m.—Concert in the Memorial
Church by Warren D. Allen, Uni- |
versity organist, assisted by Mrs. i
Annie David, harpist, and Mrs.
Esther Houk Allen, contralto.
WEDNESDAY
Stanford Lit trvoutees are to leave !
their names at the Lit office in the j
Press Building.
Freshmen who wish to try out for i
interclass football must report to
Charles Davis, director of intra- ,
mural sports, at Encina Gymna- 1
sium.
7:50 a.m. —Morning chapel in the or
gan gallery. 1
