# HAWAIIANS MAKE MITCHELL MEMBER OF MYSTIC ORDER
## 
### 
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
Standing at the brink of the fire-pit
of the Kilauea crater, Professor John
Pearce Mitchell, registrar, was for
mally initiated and made a member
of the Hawaiian order, known as
Hui-O-Pele.
Only those who have visited the
volcano and paid homage to Madam
Pele, Hawaiian fire goddess, are eligi
ble to join this novel organization.
Professor Mitchell was given a lapel
button to attest his membership in
the fire fraternity, and his member
ship card bears the fiery seal of the
Hawaiian goddess. Her mark was ob
tained by scorching the paper in one
of the steaming cracks of Kilauea.
Travelers from practically every
state in the Union and visitors from
nearly every country on the face of
the globe have been listed as mem
bers of this unique society, the Hui-
O-Pele. The organization now has over
8000 members.
