# RECEPTION WILL BE HELD.
## Y.M.C.A. Plans Informal Affair for October 7.â€”Plan Program of Music and "Stunts." 
### 
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
Plans which have beeii under con
sideration for some time by the Social
Committee of the Y. M. C. A. are now
completed in regard to the first big
"jolly up" of the season. This is to be
held in Encina Club rooms on Friday
evening, October 7, at 7:30. The af
fair will be in the nature of an in
formal reception and social time for
the purpose of getting acquainted, and
an excellent program of music and
stunts, to be announced shortly, will
be a feature of the evening. A big
"feed" will cap the climax of the even
ing's program. A general invitation
is extended to students and faculty,
and all are urged to hold the date
open. This "jolly up" is in line with
the association's policy of furnishing
amusement and an opportunity of be
coming known, for both old and new
students, and it is expected that the
same success will mark it which has
attended the two receptions already
given by the Y. M. C. A.
