# Shelton Addresses Euphronia.
## 
### 
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
The feature of the gathering of
Euphronia Literary Society last even
ing was a pertinent talk by W. C. Shel
ton, '08, upon the subject "Thinking
Men." He very clearly outlined his
topic and presented his address in an
interesting manner.
The regular debate which was
scheduled for the meeting, dealt with
the topic, "Resolved, That a new na
tional party should be formed." Shel
ton and Marvin upheld the affirmative
while Summerfield and McDonald pre
sented the negative side of the argu
ment.
