# OLYMPICS TO PLAY AGAIN.
## San Francisco Club Will Attempt to Defeat Varsity on Morning of Freshman Contest. 
### 
On the morning of the Freshman
Intercollegiate rugby contest, the
Olympic Clnb of San Francisco will
contest against the Cardinal Varsity
team, according to Manager D. W.
Burbank. This game will fill the pro
gram of the day in such a way that
all the visitors on the campus will
have an opportunity to witness the
Varsity men in action against a most
creditable team. The Olympic fifteen
this season is composed of a large
number of former Stanford men. who
are well versed in the sport; and the
exhibition made by the Olympics last
Saturday is enough to assure a clever
and fast game.
The time of contest has not been
definitely set, but will be announced
later on the bleachers and through
the Daily Palo Alto.
