# BICKEL ON LABOR PAPER STAFF.
## Managing Editor of Daily Palo Alto Discusses College and its Relation to Citizenship. 
### 
B. F. Bickel, '10, managing editor of
the Daily Palo Alto, has been appoint
ed to the editorial staff of the Labor
Index of San Francisco and is at pres
ent contributing a series of articles
on political and economic questions.
These articles will deal for the most
part with the relations existing be
tween the university and the public
weal.
The first of nickel's contributions
appeared in last week's edition of the
Index, his subject being, "College Stu
dents in Politics." This week, he will
discuss, "Stanford University as a
Creator of Good Citizenship."
The Labor Index is endorsed by the
Building Trades Council and prac
tically all the other labor organiza
tions of the state. Bickel's official
title is that of contributing editor.
