# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
AFTER YOUR
DEGREE
WHAT?
If you want to talk to
someone about
occupational opportunities
in Social Work and
Counseling, call Career
Consultants. We'll tell you
who to contact for advise
in this area. Call Laurie
Laven or Marian Player at
321 2300, ext. 2026, or
drop by Bowman Alumni
House.
