# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
THOMSONS
I" S£
ang
3J5
wa
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
PALO ALTO fREAMEKY CO.
Inspected Milk
Ilutter, Kirirs, Cheese, Cream
262 University Ave. 416K
