# Untitled Article
## 
### 
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
M. IJ. Hanna. '18. and.1. \V. Fribley,
'16. will speak liefore tin Soeialty Club
tomorrow evening.
