# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
"Industrial Accidents and Workmen's
Compensation" was the topic dealt with
this morning by Frederick L. Hoffman,
LL. D.. statistician for the Prudential
Life Insurance Company of America,
before a large number of Economic
students in assembly room 214.
