# To Be Minister?
## 
### 

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.

FIRST American minister to Great
Britain is exacted to be S. Clay
Williams, above, chairman of the
R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company.
John G. Winant, probably Am
bassador, will be the President's
emissary, while Williams will take
over the executive duties.
