# HOPKINS VISITS CHURCHILL
## 
### 

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.

IIARRY L. HOPKINS, left, President ILooseveil's personal repre
sentative to Britain, takes leave of Prime Minister Winston Churchill,
after a visit at 10 Downing Street, London.
