# MARKET SKIDDING
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 (UP).—Stocks
slipped down irregularly today to
the lowest general level in almost
six months in what some traders
described as an "ex-United States
war entry" movement.

Reorganization of the Yosemite
Valley Railroad, which operates be
tween Merced and El Portal, has
been approved by the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
