# Freshmen Are Cause Split in the Northwest
## VOTE IN CONFERENCE IS TIE California In New Combination With Washington, Oregon, and O.A.C. 
### 
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
The refusal yesterday of the Pacific
Northwest Conference to prohibit
freshmen from participation in var
sity athletic contests, has resulted in
the formation of a new conference
with the members, Washington, Ore
gon, Oregon Agricultural College and
California, adhering to the freshman
rule. This action was taken at one
o'clock this morning, after a secret
meeting lasting several hours, and
leaves the Pacific Conference with but
three members, Washington State,
Whitman, and the University of Idaho.
Vote Is Tie
The vote 011 the freshman question
was a tie, Washington, Oregon, and
Oregon Agricultural College voting
for, and Washington State, Whitman
and Idaho against elimination. Since
the charter of the Pacific Northwest
Conference provides that any change
in the rules must be made by a unani
mous vote, the proposed change was
defeated.
Stanford's Position Unsettled
Stanford's relation with the remain
ing three members of the old confer
ence is as yet unknown, but will prob
ably be decided at the session being
held today. Whether or not an alli
ance will lie made is uncertain.
The newly formed conference has
elected Professor Dyment, head of the
department of journalism at Oregon
University, president, and John A.
Stroud, California's graduate mana
ger, secretary.
Games Arranged
Dates for next year's football games
between California and Washington
were set. Washington will journey to
California where she will meet the
Blue and (Jold November IS, and there
will he a return game at Washington
011 Thanksgiving day. California will
also meet Oregon University at Cali
fornia, but the date of this game is
not yet known. Other games have
liooii arranged, so that each member
will play all the others.
