# ORATORICAL CONTEST FOR NEXT SEMESTER
## 
### 
Stanford is to have a new oratorical
contest next semester which will bo a
part of an intercollegiate series of
state and national contests on the gen
eral subject of prohibition. The new
plan which has the sanction of Pro
fessor L. E. Hassctt of the English de
partment and is to be held under the
auspices of the reorganized Temper
ance Society and the Intercollegiate
Prohibition Association, provides for
a local contest, open to all students,
the winner of which is to receive a
prize of $50.00. The intercollegiate
contests provide prizes to the winner
as follows: For the state.."> 0.00; for
the interstate meeting, $7"i.00; and for
the national contest, $100.00. A meet
ing is to be held this evening of those
interested at which time E. C. Hav
dock, r. S. C., '15, winner of the 1914
contest, will speak.
