# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
ilf you cannot read with
comfort and pleasure, have j
an eye examination now.
Frames changed while you |
E2 wait.
Allowance made for your j
old frame.
~ rfi u. \#yCi ffls JKStli
ra .... I
