# DELTA TAU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Wiljiam Wilson, : 30.
