# Fifth Avenue Style
## 
### 

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Peggy Stafford, New York debu
tante, shows what society is wear
ing along Fifth avenue. She chose a
smart ensemble of black and white
silk crepe with padded pleated
shoulders and pleated skirt. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
