# Training- House Committee.
## 
### 
Treasurer Leiter today announced
the personnel of the Training House
Committee as it will be constituted
this year as a permanent student
body committee. The members re
maining of last year's '99 commit
tee are Ralph Arnold, J. E. Mc-
Dowell, and 0. C. Leiter, who with
the new members, Henry 11. Tay
lor,'oo, T. J. Hoover, '01, and J.
B. Oildersleeve, '02, will have
chargeof the work this year, accord
ing to the general plan of work out
lined by the treasurer of working
for a permanent solution of both
the athletic question and the train
ing house proposition. In ad
dition to the larger aspects which
the matter has assumed since it is
under student body control, there
seems a tendency in other classes
to favor following the example of
the '09 class in raising a sum for
the training house as a class mem
orial.
The committee meets Monday for
organization.
