# Water polo
## 
### 
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
TODAY —3:00 and 4:30 p.m. at
deGuerre Pool.
RECORDS — Stanford is 18-3
overall, in second place in the
Mountain Pacific Sports Federa
tion and is ranked No. 2 in the
coaches' poll as it heads into a
four-game homestand. UCLA is
ranked sixth in the coaches' poll,
while Santa Clara is unranked.
