# Adv. 87 Page 29
## 
### 
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Baha'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazemzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Priday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pni
Oak West Room
Tiesidder Union
Stanfotd University
