# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
Hank Luisetti, Stanford all-time
basketball star, signed a contract
with Paramount to appear as thj
lead in a picture in March, 1938.
