# STUDENT APATHY
## UCLA Finds Same Trouble 
### 
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
Stanford is not the only school
which lias found apathy existing to
ward student government. Current
election campaigns for student body
president at UCLA center about this
same question.
The two contenders for the major
office have found different solutions
for the problem. Bob Armstrong as
sumes in his platform that the con
trol now existing (at UCLA) is
guarded by a minority of "ins" un
interested in student affairs. His so
lution would be appealing for more
student activity, setting up of a serv
ice board to combine the campus in
unity, stepping up freshman orien
tation. and changing the operation of
the student cafeteria and bookstore
so that profits would be turned tack
to the students.
Lack of pride in the university is
the reason for apathy attributed by
the second presidential contender,
Bill Keene. He wishes to stir up stu
dent spirit by encouraging service
organizations, reorganizing a strong
rally committee, and seeking a liai
son between students, faculty.
