# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is .{ p.m. of the day
before publication.
