# Red German Zone Films to Be Shown
## 
### 
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
Helmut R. Boeninger, assistant
professor of German, will present
"Glimpses of the Soviet Zone" in
Bowman Alumni House tomorrow at
7:30 p.m.
The program will feature films
acquired by Boeninger during his
recent trip to Western Germany.
Some of these films were shown at
last week's Sunday Evening Flicks.
The program will be sponsored by
the Stanford German Club. It will
be open to all students. Refresh
ments will be served.
