# LAG OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
Lagunita Court will hold an open
house tonight at 9 for all freshman
women who will be living in the
dorm next year.
The visitors will be told about
drawing for rooms in Lag and will
have an opportunity to inspect
rooms.
