# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
SOX?
Yeah, you wear them with
those good looking Flor
sheim and Crosby Square
shoes that you buy at
Thoits.
Get your sox there also,
fine imported English
wool sox at 75c, $1.00,
and $2.00.
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes since 1 893
