# CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
International Relations Club will
meet at 4 o'clock tomorrow in the
West Memorial Library of the polit
ical science building. The group will
discuss the conference of Interna
tional Relations Clubs to be held at
Mills College this week-end and the
prospect of a similar conference at
Stanford next year.
