# TORNADO HITS MOBILE
## 
### 
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
MOBILE. Ala., Oct. 26 (UP). —
Several persons were reported in
jured and a number of buildings
damaged late today when a tornado
struck the northern part of Mobile.
All available ambulances went to
the scene.
