# Roosevelt To Hold Budget Conference
## 
### 
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
HYDE PARK. N.Y., Oct. 26 (UP).
—President Roosevelt will confer
Friday with Secretary of the Treas
ury Henry Morgenthau, Jr., and
Budget Director Daniel Bell on the
government's fiscal condition, he an
nounced today.
The president announced the
Morgenthau-Bell appointment in a
press conefrence he held after ses
sions during the day with William O.
Douglas and Joseph P. Kennedy,
present and former chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commis
sion.
