# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.

Nelson Van Judah, captain and star 440 man of the 1924 Stanford track team.
Van can always be counted on to come through, his favorite stunt being to
win his race in the last few yards.
