# No More Jacks?
## 
### 

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.

Proposed locations for Jacks and
Moore Halls. Jacks was to have occu
pied the grounxl upon which the Deke
and Fiji houses now stand.
