# Books and Art
## Rissa White, Editor CREATIVITY CONTEST $3600 Offered To Undergrads 
### 
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
A total of $3600 in prizes will
be awarded to creative under
graduates in the second annual
contest sponsored by the Fresh
man Seminar program.
Twelve divisions in the hu
manities, sciences, and engineer
ing are open to all undergrad
uates. Prize money is being of
fered by the same anonymous
donor who is supporting the
Freshman Seminar program.
Contest deadlines start April
3, but vary from division to
division. Winners will be an
nounced at a concert presented
by music winners May 2.
The divisions are as follows:
Essays in humanities, social
sciences, and natural sciences:
$300 for each essay category.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Poetry: $300 in total prizes.
Submit entries to room 211 by
April 3.
Fiction: $300 in total prizes.
Submit stories to room 211 by
April 3.
Drama: $300 in total prizes.
Entries may consist of work in
acting, directing or scene design
in Stanford productions during
the 1966-67 academic year;
drawings of original scene de
signs; or playwriting. Submit
entries to the Department of
Speech and Drama by April 10.
Art: $600 in total prizes. There
are two divisions here, a) paint

ing, drawing, sculpture and
graphics, and b) three-dimen
sional design, design, and archi
tecture. Work must be submit
ted on April 29 to room 317.
Prize-winning entries will be
displayed in Tresidder the first
week in May.
Music: $600 in total prizes.
There are two divisions here
also: a) composition and 2) per
formance. All winners will per
form at a concert in Tresidder
May 2.
Engineering 1 : $300 ill total
prizes. This category was ini
tiated this year to accomodate
those honor students who have
written at length a work com
prehensible to the general aca
demic community. Highly tech
nical essays are not likely to
win awards, according to Mrs.
Alfred Appel, director of the
Freshman Seminars.
Honors essays: $300 in total
prizes. This category was initiat
ed this year to accomodate those
honor students who have written
at length a work comprehensible
to the general academic commu
nity. Highly technical essays are
not likely to win awards, accord
ing to Mrs. Alfred Appel, direc
tor of the Freshman Seminars.
The judging committee will
be composed of three faculty
members and a graduate stu
dent in each department con
cerned.
