# FRENCH AUTHOR TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
Rom Landau, well-known French
author, will speak tomorrow at 4:15
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Landau, an authority on French
North Africa, will discuss recent
events in Morocco, Tunisia, and Al
geria. lie was an observer at the
recent United Nations debate on
Morocco.
