# ASSU Veep Candidates
## 
### 

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp

FEMME CANDIDATES —Left to right are ASSU vice-presiden
tiai candidates Dianne Goldman, Ann Irvine, and Maureen
Maxwell. —Daily photo by Chubb Karnopp
