# Distributing Seats
## 
### 
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
Some question has arisen regarding
the distribution of representation in
the Conference under the new consti
tution. Statements that the constitu
tion gives undue representation to
either the Hall or the fraternities
disappear when viewed in the light of
facts.
Encina will have seven representa
tives in the new Conference—the
president and members of the govern
ing board—each with two votes. This
gives Encina Hall fourteen votes in
the Conference for about 320 men or
approximately one vote for each
twenty-three men.
Each fraternity and house club on
the campus is composed of about
twenty-two or twenty-three men each
year on the average. Each of these
groups will have one representative.
The proposed distribution divides rep
resentation between all the groups on
the campus about as evenly as can
be accomplished.
