# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
A vivid example of the results of
the Call's recent misrepresentation of
facts concerning the conditions as
they exist upon the campus may be
found in the editorial columns of the
Daily California!! for Thursday, No
vember 3, 1910. The editor has gleaned
only the natural inferences that could
be obtained from stories such as those
published by the Call and he has based
a criticism of the relations between
students and Faculty upon such rep
resentations. The editorial accepts
the statement made by the Call that
an investigation was made by the Fac
ulty Committee into the conduct of the
men who comprise the Varsity during
their visit at Reno, while the Califor
nian also adopts the accusation made
by the abovementioned newspaper
that an "elaborate system of espion
age" is maintained by the Student Af
fairs Committee. These conditions are
absolutely false and indicate merely
the Call reporter's utter ignorance of
the situation existing at Stanford or
his deliberate attempt to place such
matters before the world in a false
light.
The editor of the Daily Californian
has merely dealt with the conditions
as have been presented to the world
through the medium of this paper. He
has not gone beyond the mere fact
that such a statement was made in a
metropolitan paper, for an absolute
assurance of facts. By this attitude
the editor of the Daily Californian has
assisted in sustaininfg such a wrong
impression of the conditions upon the
local campus. Despite his affirmative
statement that "Charges and counter
charges fill the air, and a vast amount
of bitterness is engendered over what
seems originally to have been a small
matter," no such situation exists here
at Stanford.
This condition of affairs in regard to
our relation to the outside world has
been brought about through the en
gineering of certain parties who are
at the present lime responsible for
this misrepresentation of facts. They
have already gone beyond reasonable
limits and if the Student Body in any

manner can succeed in putting a stop
to such practices members of that
organization should make it their bus
iness to do so, either individually or
collectively.
