# WEATHER
## 
### 
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
Clear and cooler today with
temperatures reaching the
mid 60's.
