# STANFORD DEFEATS CALIFORNIA FENCERS
## 
### 
By winning fifteen of twenty-five
bouts, Stanford's fencing team took
first place honors from the University
of California, in the annual dual
fencing tournament, held last Friday
evening, in Encina gymnasium.
D. S. Thompson, of California, was
high point man of the meet, winning
all five of his bouts. Three Stanford
men, Robin Willis, Kenneth Gardner,
and Walter Wagner, tied for second
place, each having four matches to his
credit. With the exception of Thomp
son the California entrants were en
tirely outclassed by the Cardinal foil
artists. Another meet will be held
with the California fencers, next Fri
day evening, to determine the indi
vidual championship of the two in
stitutions. A gold medal will be pre
sented to the winner.
The Stanford men who competed in
the tournament are Robin Willis, '22,
Walter Wagner, '23, Kenneth Gardner,
'23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and Edwin
Hadley, '22. California's entrants were
I). S. Thompson, J. I). Mahoney, V. j
Arenas, G. W. Heid, and R. L. Buck-;
ner. J. M. Sarka, of the Olympic Club,
officiated.
