# Indian Flyers Plan Flight for Sunday
## 
### 
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
Introductory flights in a Piper Ti i
pacer will be given to all students
interested in joining the Indian Fly
ers' Club on Sunday from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. at the Palo Alto Airport.
Anyone interested is asked to con
tact club president Harvey Casebeer
at 435 Stern soon as possible. A
charge of a dollar will be made for
the flight.
