# Military Program Discussed Tonight
## 
### 
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
The obligations, rights, and op
portunities of college men in re
lation to military service will be
the subject of a meeting tonight
at 7:30 in the Encina Hall lounge.
Reserve Officers Training Corps,
Reserve, and draft programs will
be discussed. The meeting is for
freshman men but is open to all
men students interested.
