# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
: ,r - 5C '
mWi
1 { Wm
K \> Y\
fTV j"
More
Couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVo
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
H same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday 'night 'til 9
