# LASSU Tonite
## 
### 
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
LASSU will meet this evening at
7:30 in Room 320, Geology Corner.
Spring election dates will be consid
ered, and a number of appropriations
requests will be discussed. These in
clude a grant to The Daily to finance
an issue of a tabloid magazine, a re
quest by The Experiment for $500 to
pay existing debts, and an "emer
gency" $130 to Cardinals Board to
help pay for their High School Day
program. In addition, the Organiza
tion of African Students has asked
for $500 to be used for an African
Culture Week.
