# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
Our Big Sale now going
on in every Department
FRAZER & CO.
•••
v» • ■ /
V
..•: .
•i
SPECIAL
The newest in Suitings
forthisseasonare Brown,
not the old but the new
shades of Brown. I have
received afull line. Look
thern over.
SOPHOMORES
Now is the time to order
your cords and we will
have them ready for you
when you return. No
deposit required.
Usual summer rates.
J. B. WIDEMAN.
