# ENGLISH AND LAW STUDENTS.
## 
### 
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
Positively the best proposition for
Summer work. Only four more men
required. Salary and expense allow
ance. See Mr. Smithson this evening,
room 6, Encina. Last opportunity.
