# CERTIFICATES DUE
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office on Monday, 1
April 25, for all new students in
cluding those having permission to i
attend classes, and all students whose
certificates have expired. Failure to
file certificates by five o'clock Mon
day will result in a fine of $2.00:
or, if they are not filed by May 2,
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the 1
Committee on Public Health.
