# ORGAN RECITAL TODAY
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist, will present the weekly or
gan recital in the Memorial Church
this afternoon at 4:15 o'clock. The
program is as follows: Chant du
printemps, Joseph Bonnet; Toccata
and Adagio in C major and A minor.
J. S. Bach; Gavotte in F. Padre Mar
tini; Deep River. Negro Spiritual;
March for "Die Mpistersinger",
Richard Wagner. The same program
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
April 24. at 4:0<) o'clock.
