# Roble Sets New Lockout High
## 
### 
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
"The Buccaneer," with Fred
eric March came to Palo Alto,
and Roble went to "The Buc
caneer."
Nearly 75 freshman women
hurried downtown to catch the
7 o'clock show and make it back
to Roble before 10:30 o'clock.
But the minor feature was
first; "The Buccaneer" was
long; and at 10:15 fidgeting
Roble women were still in the
theater. Ten minutes later the
picture ended, and while smil
ing Frederic March was still
fading from the screen, dozens
of gills stampeded from the
theater.
Back to the campus sped car
after car—but the light was red
and it was 10:28 o'clock. When
the door clicked shut at 10:30
o'clock, over 40 girls were still
outside. Mrs. Mort, Roble's
late hours lady, was heard to
say, "Well, they've broken the
record again."
