# Spanish Fiesta Is Theme for Dance
## 
### 
A Spanish fiesta will be the theme
for the Roble dance to be held on
April 29. The dance is a semi-form
al affair and will be held from 9
to 1 o'clock in the patio of the
women's gym to correspond with
the fiesta effect. A supper using
the Spanish fiesta theme will be
served at 11 o'clock.
Ruth Ide is head of the committees
in charge of the affair. Working
under her are Norma Watkins, Elaine
Stone, decorations; Catherine Van
Fleet, Jean Pringle, supper; Lucy
Day Bell, June Murphy, bids; Jane
Thompson, finance; Betty Dierkes,
patrons, and and Anne Beech, en
tertainment. The dance is held un
der the direction of Gretchen Rein
mund.
