# CALIFORNIA WINS IN ANNUAL CREW REGATTA
## 
### 
(Continued trom page one)
line in 1G minutes 27 2-5 seconds, two
and a half minutes behind the record
for the distance.
The freshman race was the only real
race of the day. The boats stayed
fairly well abreast for the first half
of the race then the superior coaching
of the California crew began to tell
and they pulled out in the lead. A
quarter of a mile from the finish the
Blue and Gold babes were a good three
lengths in the lead but they appeared
to be tiring rapidly. The final spurt
brought the Cardinal first-year men
within two lengths of the other boat
but the lead had been too great to
completely overcome. The Cardinal
boat had evidently been trained to per
fection because they seemed perfectly
fresh at the finish while the Blue and
Gold men were exhausted by the race.
The Cardinal boats had the stuff in
them but they had not had enough
coaching to know how to use it to the
best advantage.
The second varsity was greatly out
weighed by both the California sec
ond and third varsities. This ac
counts for their defeat. Prom the
beginning it was evident that the race
was between the two California crews
with the Stanford crew falling steadily
in the rear until at the finish they
trailed the leading second Blue and
Gold varsity by eight lengths. The
winning boat pulled in the same per
fect style that characterized the work
of the California varsity. The Cardi
nal second string men put up a game
fight but they lacked the form and
weight necessary to finish in the lead.
