# JOHNSON REPUBLICAN CLUB HAS 200 MEMBERS
## 
### 
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
Membership in tlie Johnson Club now
includes more than 200 campus students,
the majority of whom arc voters, it was
announced today by H. Levy, '19, the
organizer of the club. This is an in
crease in the club membership in the
past week of over 100 students. Eight
hundred fifty Johnson buttons have been
distributed by the club in the week. Tt
has been found necessary by the organi
zation to increase the office personnel,
so that now there is a representative of
the club at the headquarters in the Men's
Union Building at all hours during the
day.
