# GIFT TO LAW DEPARTMENT.
## William A. Bowden, a San Jose Attorney, Presents Seventy-five Valuable Old Volumes. 
### 
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
The Law department has received
a valuable gift of books from Wil
liam A. Bowden, a prominent at
torney of San Joee. The gift
includes about seventy-five early
law volumes, among which are re
ports, treatises, and Viner's Abridg
ment. They are all first editions,
and were printed in England before
the American Revolution. The ear
liest volumes were printed in 1650
and some of them are dated as late
as 1775. They are folios, and are
fine samples of old book-making as
they are still, in valuable condition.
Although the books are not likely
to be used by a practicing lawyer,
they are extremely valuable for
reference and study. Dr. Abbott,
head of the Law department, says
they are a valuable addition to the
Law library and have been grate
fully received.
