# SCIENTIFIC EXPEDITION.
## Snodgrass and Starks Return from Investigation of Food Eaten by Sea Lions. 
### 
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
R. E. Snodgrass, '00, instructor
in Entomology, and E. C. Starks,
curator of the museum, returned to
the University today after two
months spent on the coast with
Cloud liutter, Stanford '98, LJ. S.
Fish Commissioner at San Fran
cisco, investigating the character of
food eaten by sea lions. The pur
pose of the expedition w;is to dis
cover the extent to which these
animals devastate the fish supply.
A controversy has existed among
scientists as to whether the lions
live mainly on fish or on other mat
ter. The report, which will appear
first in the U. S. Fish Commission
publications, will settle this ques
tion.
Mr. Snodgrass represents the
California State Fish Commission,
and Mr. Starks the California
Academy of Science. The party
explored the coast from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz, and all the
islands south of Point Conception.
