# '98 Annual Meeting.
## 
### 
The editorial board of tlie '9S
Annual met today in room 10 and
decided to offer two prizes of ten
dollars each fora poem and a short
story respectively. A prize of ten
dollars is also announced for the
cover design. Designs must he
handed in before October 15, and
the story and poerii before January
1. An entertainment for the bene
fit of the Annual is now in prepara
tion. It will be given some time
this semester.
The editorial board of tlie '9S
Annual met today in room 10 and
decided to offer two prizes of ten
dollars each fora poem and a short
story respectively. A prize of ten
dollars is also announced for the
cover design. Designs must he
handed in before October 15, and
the story and poerii before January
1. An entertainment for the bene
fit of the Annual is now in prepara
tion. It will be given some time
this semester.
The editorial board of tlie '9S
Annual met today in room 10 and
decided to offer two prizes of ten
dollars each fora poem and a short
story respectively. A prize of ten
dollars is also announced for the
cover design. Designs must he
handed in before October 15, and
the story and poerii before January
1. An entertainment for the bene
fit of the Annual is now in prepara
tion. It will be given some time
this semester.
The editorial board of tlie '9S
Annual met today in room 10 and
decided to offer two prizes of ten
dollars each fora poem and a short
story respectively. A prize of ten
dollars is also announced for the
cover design. Designs must he
handed in before October 15, and
the story and poerii before January
1. An entertainment for the bene
fit of the Annual is now in prepara
tion. It will be given some time
this semester.
The editorial board of tlie '9S
Annual met today in room 10 and
decided to offer two prizes of ten
dollars each fora poem and a short
story respectively. A prize of ten
dollars is also announced for the
cover design. Designs must he
handed in before October 15, and
the story and poerii before January
1. An entertainment for the bene
fit of the Annual is now in prepara
tion. It will be given some time
this semester.
