# Untitled Article
## 
### 
- The "perpetual freshman" is
rampant in Kncina dining-room.
Several members of that genus per
sist in stamping, shouting, and
whistling at every unusual occur
rence during meal-time. There are
certain persons who can not enter
or leave the room without starting
a volley of stamping and hooting.
A little occasional disturbance in
Kncina dining-room is sometimes
permissible, but the species of
rowdyism above referred to can pot
be excused.
- The "perpetual freshman" is
rampant in Kncina dining-room.
Several members of that genus per
sist in stamping, shouting, and
whistling at every unusual occur
rence during meal-time. There are
certain persons who can not enter
or leave the room without starting
a volley of stamping and hooting.
A little occasional disturbance in
Kncina dining-room is sometimes
permissible, but the species of
rowdyism above referred to can pot
be excused.
- The "perpetual freshman" is
rampant in Kncina dining-room.
Several members of that genus per
sist in stamping, shouting, and
whistling at every unusual occur
rence during meal-time. There are
certain persons who can not enter
or leave the room without starting
a volley of stamping and hooting.
A little occasional disturbance in
Kncina dining-room is sometimes
permissible, but the species of
rowdyism above referred to can pot
be excused.
- The "perpetual freshman" is
rampant in Kncina dining-room.
Several members of that genus per
sist in stamping, shouting, and
whistling at every unusual occur
rence during meal-time. There are
certain persons who can not enter
or leave the room without starting
a volley of stamping and hooting.
A little occasional disturbance in
Kncina dining-room is sometimes
permissible, but the species of
rowdyism above referred to can pot
be excused.
- The "perpetual freshman" is
rampant in Kncina dining-room.
Several members of that genus per
sist in stamping, shouting, and
whistling at every unusual occur
rence during meal-time. There are
certain persons who can not enter
or leave the room without starting
a volley of stamping and hooting.
A little occasional disturbance in
Kncina dining-room is sometimes
permissible, but the species of
rowdyism above referred to can pot
be excused.
