# NIEDERAUER ANNEXES SAN JOSE NET TITLE
## 
### 
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
Phil Niederauer won the cham
pionship of the San Jose Tennis
Club Monday by defeating his Stan
ford teammate, Harry Plymire, 1-6,
6-4, 6-2.
The tournament seems to have
been a Stanford affair, at least as
regards the men's events. Nieder
auer, paired with another team
mate, Wilbur Cox, to cop the dou
bles title from Larry Hall, former
Stanford captain, and Harry Ply
mire in three sets, 6-1, 2-6, 6-3.
This cinched again the crown which
they have worn for the last five
years.
