# HAWKS HONORED
## 
### 
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
PARIS, Feb. 24 t/P).-Frank Hawks,
American speed flier, today was
named America's "premier aviator"
for 1930 by the International League
of Aviators.
