# FLIERS VOTE COSTE RECOGNITION AS ACE
## 
### 
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
PARIS, Feb. 24. ,(/P)—Dieudonne
Coste, Paris-to-New York flier, to
night was designated the world's
premier aviator, by the awards com
mittee of the International League
of Aviators.
Miss Amy Johnson, who Hew from
London to Australia, was given
highest honors among women flyers.
She and Coste will be received at
Ihe Elysee Palace tomorrow by
President Doumergue and be pre
sented with silver cups at a formal
ceremony.
