# NOVELIST TO SAIL
## 
### 
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
BERLIN. Feb. 24 (/Pi.—Mrs. Sin
clair Lewis, wife of the American
novelist, will leave Berlin tonight
for Bremen where :,he will embark
on the liner Europa for America.
Lewis, who now is in England, will
join the vessel at Southampton.
