# County Refuses Payment On Airline Inquest Costs
## 
### 
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
MACON, Mo., May 13 (/P).—Macon
County today refused to pay the
costs of the inquest last week into
the deaths of five passengers of the
TWA airliner, Sky Chief, which
crashed on a fog-cloaked hillside a
week ago today.
Giving as his reason the fact that
the five victims, including U.S.
Senator Bronson M. Cutting, were
from other states, Presiding Judge
W. E. Wilkerson said he did "not
believe that the obligation is on
Macon County" and ordered the
court clerk to enter an order of re
fusal.
