# SCHOLARSHIP AWARDED
## 
### 
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
Leo M. Cook, '35, has received
notification that he has been award
ed a Harvard scholarship by the
Harvard Club of San Francisco. Cook
will receive his degree in history
here next month and will attend
Harvard Law School. He was grad
uated from Palo Alto High School in
19:11.
