# CUBS BEAT BROOKLYN
## 
### 
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
BROOKLYN, May 13 (JP).—'The
Chicago Cubs coupled a fine de
fense with timely hitting today to
defeat Brooklyn 3 to 2 behind the
seven-hit pitching of Bill Lee.

A technocrat has estimated that
each American family could havg a
budget of $4,370 per year.
