# SNELL CRITICIZES F.D.R.
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
WASHINGTON, May 13 (/P). —
Representative Snell of New York,
the Republican leader, launched a
bitter assault today on New Deal
agencies and criticized President
Roosevelt personally.

Tlie Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh is 1
said originally to have contained !
2,300,000 stones, each 2 tons in
weight.
