# MERRIAM RAPS USE OF SOFT BASEBALL
## 
### 
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
OAKLAND, April 7 (/P).—Lieu
tenant Governor Frank F. Merriam,
speaking at a luncheon here today
inaugurating the baseball season in
Oakland, criticized the State De
partment of Physical Education for
not sanctioning the use of regular
baseballs in high school and junior
college games.
Mr. Merriam said the high school
and junior college students ol Cali
fornia were husky and manly and
needed rough and husky games to
make them more so and keep them
that way. He said the use of a soft
baseball made mollycoddles of thj
students.
