# VEGETARIAN CLEARED OF BEEF SOUP THEFT
## 
### 
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
CHICAGO, April 7. (TP)—Vege
tarianism is something of a passion
with Max Richling.
Imagine his feelings yesterday as
he stood in the court of Judge Leon
Edelman, accused of stealing a ket
tle full of soup, the base of which
was beef broth.
"Your honor," said Max, ''I am a
vegetarian. My father was a vege
tarian before me. Someone with a
taste for beef stole that soup."
"Your words," said the Judge,
"carry conviction. Dismissed."
