# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There have registered recently E.
M. Cox of College Park, as a grad
uate in Education, Glanville Terrel
of Nipomo, Cal., as a special in
Latin, and Rebecca Mayo of Fulton,
as a special in Drawing.
On Thursday morning, as on this
morning, the class in Hygiene I.,
8:30 to 9:30, will be divided. The
young ladies will meet in Professor
Jenkins' physiological laboratory;
the young men will meet in the
usual room.
During the second semester there
will ho a one hour course of experi
mental lectures on "Sound and the
Physical Theory of Music." This
course will be open to all students
without regard to mathematical
preparation. These lectures will
probably be given on Friday at 2
p.m., in room 51, by Professor San-
ford.
The L. S. Jr. U. Band has elected
the following officers: A. Kaufman,
leader; Geo. Campbell, president;
H. Harris, vice-president; J. M.
Gates, secretary. Over $40 worth
of music has been received and the
boys are practicing a number of col
lege songs. Why would it not be a
good idea to have the boys go to the
city on the 17th to add to the gen-
eral harmony of the demonstrations?
