# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
The 1919 Quad management an
nounces that Sunday afternoon is
positively the last day for Quad
pictures to be taken. After that
time no pictures will be accepted.
Junior dues are also payable be
fore that time.
