# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
WANT TO EARN I
S9OOO A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling can be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $1,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Test, which
measures your qualifications
for this interesting work..
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at (>5. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NEW YORK
34 Nmsiu SlfMt New YorH 5, N Y.
m
HRSI IN AMERICA
SEND APTITUDE TEST
NAME— , AGE - j
'"i'" l '" ■ - - - - T -
f'TV . ■
1104 |
