# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone I)A 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
