# Axe Society Seeks Joiners
## 
### 
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
Axe Society, a student - alumni
service and co-ordinating commit
tee reorganized in 1952, will hold
membership tryouts today and to
morrow from 3 to 5 in the Excom
room.
Applicants will be interviewed by
a tryout board. Fifteen people from
each class—sophomore, junior, sen
ior, graduate — will be eligible for
membership.
Committees in the society are so
cial. alumni activities, tours and
service, pre - Stanford program,
drives co - ordination, professional
societies, and special projects.
Membership in the society is de
termined by outstanding service or
by points given for committee work.
There are no freshmen in the or
ganization. but they may work on
projects now to accumulate points.
Sophomores and juniors are espe
cially needed.
New officers are Tom Hodges,
president; Ann Evans, senior vice
president; Rudy Reich, junior vice
president: Joyce Martin, secretary.
