# WARREN EN ROUTE
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4 (UP) —
California's Gov. Earl Warren en
planed for Washington, D.C., today
after telling some 200 persons, "Par
ty politics now are all behind me."
