# INTRAMURAL FOOTBALL
## 
### 
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
Deadline for intramural football
signups is tomorrow noon. Intramu
ral Director Elwyn Bugge has an
nounced. First mural games are
Wednesday.
