# Sterling Will Give Talk At Underwriters' Lunch
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
President Wallace Sterling of
Stanford will be the principal
speaker Tuesday at an all-industry
luncheon in San Francisco spon
sored by the Northern California
chapter of the Society of Chartered
Property and Casualty Underwrit
ers.
