# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
Sheldon Perham, '18, left Wednes
day for Davis, where he will study
agriculture.
