# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
FOOTNOTE
to student travel. Travel to Europt
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive Including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U.S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student A»»
tociation t's a non-profit tervic•
organization.
