# Sen. Goldwater To Speak Thursday
## 
### 
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
Sen. Barry Goldwater, leader of
the conservative wing of the Re
publican Party, will speak here
Thursday at 5 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
Tickets for his appearance,
which is under the auspices of
the Political Union, are on sale
now at the ASSU office and will
be sold at the door. Price is $1
for the public, 50 cents for stu
dents.
Following his talk, Goldwater
will be guest of honor at a ban
quet at Rickey's Studio Inn.
