# British Official To Talk for HR
## 
### 
"The British Attitude to the
Sino-Soviet Threat" will he dis
cussed by R. Reid-Adam, the Brit
ish Consul-General for San Fran
cisco, tomorrow evening at 7:15
in Bowman Alumni House.
Presented by the 1.1. R., this is
a part of the Sino-Soviet Studies
Program of the Institute of In
ternational Relations.
Reid-Adam, a graduate of Cam
bridge University, has served
with the British government since
1933. His service has been exten
sively centered on foreign trade
with assignments to Overseas
Trade and the Ministry of Food
during World War 11. His foreign
positions have included Washing
ton, D.C., Cairo, Cologne as com
mercial representative, and Stock
holm as Consul-General. Before
his present appointment to San
Francisco, Reid Adam was a mem
ber of the Board of Trade in Lon
don.
