# SAE OFFICERS
## 
### 
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
John Winther, president; Bob
Keeley, vice president; Mike
Browne, secretary; Ralph Davis
son, treasurer; Ward De Witt,
corresponding secretary; Boone
Morrison, historian; Ai Stei.ver,
hearald; Bill At kin, sergeant at
arms; Dave Stewart, house man
ager; and Adrian Dean, chaplain.
