# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
SaSESZSHSHSESHSZSHSESESHSZSZSHSZSHSHSHSHSHS2SHS2SBSHSESHSHS2SHSHSHSESZS;
We beg to announce the arrival of our stock of suits and
overcoats for men and young men for the fall and winter season of
nineteen-fourteen. All the very best makes and latest models are
represented in the largest and most comprehensive stock we have
ever shown. In asking you to kindly inspect the same, and thank
ing you for your many past kind favors, we wish to assure you it
shall be our aim to give you the very best merchandise to be had,
and to accord to you the most generous treatment within our
Sincerely Yours.
| FRAZER & CO. §
G] Leaders of Togs |g
