# Forces Sent to Check Russians.
## 
### 
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
T T nit<-il Press Telegraphic Report
Berlin, Sept. 9. —Scattered reports
that lately have been coming in to the
German capital are decidedly unfavor
able. The rumor is strengthening that
two of the main German armies now
fighting the allies are withdrawing to
East Prussia to check the Russian
invasion. Troops of the first reserve
line are everywhere being .replaced.
The death of Generals Vongoth and
Nieland, who were reported killed in
action on the French border, is be
lieved to be correct. The army corps
of Bavaria has suffered such severe
losses as to necessitate heavy rein
forcements.
