# Foreign Envoys Exchange Icy Stares.
## 
### 
The war has compelled many foreign
diplomats in Washington, long close
friends, to give each other the "cold
shoulder" and frozen stares as they
meet now. They are not supposed to
have even the slightest relations, and
according to their rules must meet as
absolute strangers. Social ties formed
during long residence in Washington
must be entirely broken off between
the diplomats of the various nations.
Many diplomats are forced to meet
in the diplomatic ante-room when they
call to confer with Secretary of State
Bryan, but they never recognize each
other, no matter how friendly their re
lations may have been before the war.
During the Russo-Japanese war the
ambassadors of Russia and Japan had
a way of bowing to each other in a
perfunctory way, if they met. They
never exchanged a word.
