# Freshmen Debaters Organize Tonight.
## 
### 
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
Freshmen debaters will meet this
evening in room 288 at 7:30, for the
purpose of organizing a society for
the semester.
