# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
A crusade in favor of a university
theatre is sweeping Princeton.
Carnegie has given Cornell $25,000
which will be used as a loan fund for
needy students.
