# Distaff Club
## 
### 
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
Distaff Club will hold its second
opening luncheorw of winter quarter
Thursday at the Union dining room.
Members of a newly - appointed
personnel committee will be intro
duced.
