# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Leslie Wittenberg, '58,
to Bill Wraith, Sigma Chi, '54.
