# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
It seems unfortunate that some
means cannot be devised wherein
both sports will be given unlimited
support. In working towards this
goal the best solution is to give
basketball the preference, for In
doing that there is a far better
chance that crew will be given
ample financial support in the
spring.
