# Chi O House Converted Into Greenwich Village
## 
### 
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
The Chi Omesa house will be con
verted into Greenwich Village this
Saturday evening from 9 to 1.
Informally dressed dancers will
drift through an art gallery into a
typical Greenwich Village street,
complete with street lamps, park
benches, and flapping clothes lines;
and into a Bohemian Nightclub.
Checked table cloths and candle
drippings, with the added attraction
of a fortune teller, will give an au
thentic touch to the night club.
