# Excom Vetoes Bond Contest
## 
### 
The University of California's offer
to Stanford to participate in another
bond and stamp sales contest was re-

fused by the A.S.
?.U. when Ham
Howard's motion
was passed by the
Executive Com
nittee Wednesday.
Excom members
elt ihat such a
•ontest may be
•onsidered later in
he year or next
/ear; the consen
sus of opinion was

that since the last contest was suc
cessful as was the Red Cross drive
and others, that it might be well to
wait to insure equal success on the
second Cal-Stanford contest.
President Dick Driscoll reported
that the Camp Kohler glee club was
to sing at Stanford on Saturday, May
20.
Otway Pardee reported on the con
cert series, and his recommendation
that the series be continued was
passed by Excom. He said a profit of
$1,500 was made on the last series,
including the summer concert. His
recommendation that there be no
summer concert was passed by the
committee. No action was taken re
garding his suggestion that a new
piano be purchased for concert use.
Barbara Upshaw's motion for the
series continuance also included the
suggestion that at least two highly
desirable artists be contracted for
each series.
Servet Duran, president of Inter
national Club, asked the help of Ex
com in formulating some sort of an
orientation program for new foreign
students. He explained some of the
problems confronting this group, and
Driscoll appointed a committee of
Julie Crommelin, Barbara Upshaw,
and Luana Forkner to work on a
plan with the club.


Dick Driscoll
