# Fisher To Speak on N.B.C.
## 
### 
Dr. Harold H. Fisher of the history
department will speak over the
transcontinental NBC program, "Pa
cific Story," on May 14, 10:10, over
KPO.
"Pacific Story" has been a regular
Sunday feature since August 1943.
During its career it has been broad
cast across the continent, and on sev
eral occasions has been translated
into various foreign languages to be
shortwaved overseas.
Dr. Fisher has traveled extensively
overseas in Russia and is considered
an outstanding authority on the
country.
Among his activities he has di

rected the Russian Research Insti
tute of the Hoover War Library, and
has written several books about Rus
sia.
Included among his books are "The
Bolshevic Revolution," and"The
Famine in Soviet Russia." In collab
oration with Mis. Elena Varneck, he
wrote "The Testimony of Kolchak,
and Other Siberian Materials," and
with Mrs. Olga Hess Gankin, "The
Bolsheviks and the World War."
"Pacific Story" will begin with a
dramatic narration from Hollywood,
which will build up to Dr. Fisher's
commentary, "The Case of Russia
Versus Japan."
