# Card Nine To Meet Japanese Team
## 
### 
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
Coach Harry Wolter's varsity
baseballcrs took an extensive work
out yesterday afternoon in prepa
ration for tlicir week-end series
with a Japanese nine from Waseda
University. The visiting team will
arrive at San Francisco Thursday
morning and will come to the cam
pus Friday. Games will be played
with the Indians on Saturday and
Monday.
As the frosh nine did not show up
for their game with the sophomores
for the consolation championship of
the University interclass tourney
yesterday, two pick-up teams played
a practice game. Later Wolter put
his. infield through a drill.
