# Dr. Wilbur to Talk on Social Service
## 
### 
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '9G, head of Stan
ford Lane hospital, will give a talk
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 before
the Y. W. C. A. in the Vestry on
"Social Service in Relation to Hos
pitals and Clinics." Roth men and
women are invited to attend to hear
what Dr. Wilbur has to say on the
social service work which is being
done at Lane hospital, and also what
Stanford alumni and undergraduates
can do for the poor who leave the
hospital and are destitute of circum
stances.
