# Quad.
## 
### 
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
William M. Newhall, member of the
grounds committee of the Board of
Trustees, was a visitor on the campus
today.
