# Bank of California Constructs Branch
## 
### 
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
The Bank of California has re
reived approval from the comp
troller of the currency to estab
lish an office in the Town & Coun
try Village shopping center, pres
ident Edwin E. Adams announced
yesterday.
Construction will begin this
month and opening is scheduled
for mid-December.
