# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
Encina Infirmary: Jacques Ar
mand, George Boldt, Milton Bon
zell, Stewart Brand, James R.
Burk, John Butler, Jack Clausen,
Michael Corey, Dave Cox, Stan
ley Cronwall, Duane Davis. Robin
Dean, James Eardley, Joseph Eb
erly, Richard Egan, Donald Fos
ter, Charles Ginise, Gary Gouvea,
Larry Grace, Robert Hamilton,
Robert Harrell, George L. Ho
nore, Michael Immell, Alex King,
Larry L. Lynch, James W. Mark
ham, Heywood Mausergh, Ken
neth McCaw, Ernest B. Miller.
Joseph Murphy, Warren Nelson,
Hal Ofutt, Charles A. Peterson,
Don Proudfoot, Herbert Rudsch,
James Reed. Hal Reynolds, Law
rence Seering, John Stahler, War
ren Strahle, Kenneth Taylor, Bar
ry Thompson, Ralph Thompson,
Bill Tiederman, John Vafis, Rob
ert Van Luchene, Donald Vine. H.
Thomas Watson, Philip S. Wei
gand, John Werolin, Alex Wes
sitsh, Lael Young.
Isolation Hospital: John Bas
sett, Larry Bramble, Charley Car
penter, Donald Charnley, Adrian
Dean, Lynn Gallagher, Charles
Kelley, John McKenney, David
Newell, David Owen, Harkjoon
Paik, Nicki Record, Constance
Seeley, Lawrence Shepp, Richard
Stolz, Stanton Thorneberry, Wil
liam Wittmeyer, William Yates.
Men's Rest Home: John Caple,
Ted Hulbert, James Korth, Tyson
Roberts, Ben Robinson, John
Thomas.
Palo Alto Hospital: James Al
len, Barbara Calvin. John Ham
merstad, Barton Hooley, Peter
Katsufrakis, John Miller, Rich
ard Miller, Bagicha Minhas, John
Steinhauser, Dennis Weiss.
Women's Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker. Ruth Collins, Sylvia Gla
lardi, Nancy Lewis, Brenda Petri,
Hannah Smith, Charlotte Wal
lace.
