# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
Nine student, body assessments
paid out of every fourteen persons
registered is the record for the pres
ent semester. These figures are ap
preciably below a fair average. The
money is needed and should lie paid.
Furthermore, it is particularly unfair
to the nine hundred who have given
their dollars that five hundred should

neatly dodge the collector and thus
cast aside their obligations as mem
bers of the Associated Students, while
still retaining and enjoying the priv
ileges.
