# TO REBUILD MEMORIAL CHURCH
## Reconstruction to Commence Upon Arrival of Structural Steel Which Has Been Ordered. 
### 
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
Treasurer C. G. Lathrop today an
nounced that active steps have been
taken toward the rehabilitation of the
Memorial Church, upon which no
work had been done since its com
pletely razing only a few months ago,
Orders for all the structural steel
necessary to the rebuilding have been
placed and are now being filled by
Dyer Brothers, of San Francisco.
Architect C. M. Ward, also of San
Francisco, has concluded his portion
of the work, and actual reconstruc
tion will lie begun immediately upon
the arrival of the steel. The exact
date is naturally problematical, but
it should not be many months in the
future.
