# Quad.
## 
### 
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
A. L. Sundell, ex-'l2, and I. C. De
cius, '13, played on the Olympic team
against California on Saturday. Sun
dell played his old wing forward posi
tion, while Decius played fullback.
