# INFORMAL TRACK MEET IS SET FOR SATURDAY
## Track Officials and Irish Marathon Captains to Be Appointed 
### 
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
Stanford track men will hold their
second informal competition of the
season on the oval Saturday after
noon. The meet is scheduled to begin
about 1:30 p. m. so as to be finished
before time for the baseball game.
Competition in all events, including
the hurdles and pole vault, will be
held Saturday. Distances will be
shortened as usual and the low hur
dles will be run over high-hurdle dis
tances.
A permanent set of officials and
timers will be appointed during the
next few days by Captain Teitsworth.
These men will officiate during all in
formal meets of the season. Class
captains for the Irish Marathon, which
is scheduled for March 15, will be ap
pointed immediately so as to get a
line on their quarter mile prospects.
