# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
Junipero Serra Club
Plans Activities
Miss Bonita Jansen. '19. was elected
president, and J. T. Murphy, '20, vice
president, of Junipero Serra Club at
its meeting last night. Miss Mary
Therklesen, '19. the outgoing presi
dent, presided, and plans were dis
cussed for club activities during the
remainder of the present quarter and
for the spring quarter. A reception
for all new Catholic students in the
University will be Riven Sunday,
March 0. A dance committee was ap
pointed to make plans for a dance
which Avill be held the earliest avail
able date next quarter. Pictures for
the Quad will be taken next Sunday
morning.
