# Adv. 34 Page 15
## 
### 
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
LOS ALIOS m
SHOPPING ♦ GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centers. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
