# Instructor Dennis Returns.
## 
### 
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
Instructor S. J. Dennis, of the
department of Mechanical Engi
neering, returned lust night from
Riverside where he limh been testing
refrigerator cars for shipping fruit.
His report to the United States De
partment of Agriculture, which is
being prepared, will cover the results

of these experiments. The Depart
ment. of Agriculture in cooperating
with private companies in Southern
California in securing the hest
methods for shipping fruit east,
and Instructor Dennis's tests will
prohahly result in several improve
ments.
