# Theta Delts Win
## 
### 
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
In the quarterfinals for the uni
versity intramural football title
yesterday, Theta Delt heat Phi
Sig, 13-0 and Theta Chi I downed
Los Arcos, 14-7.
John Wells romped 15 yards
after intercepting a pass to score
the winning TD for the Theta
Delts. Quarterback Ron Fisher
accounted for both Theta Chi tal
lies, on a short run and a 30-yard
pass.
