# Glee Club Will Go to Belmont.
## 
### 
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
F. 11. Lanagan, '08. leader of the
Mandolin Club, on behalf of the
combined clubs, has accepted the
invitation tendered the clubs by
Belmont School for a concert on
the Belmont campus February 22d.
