# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The breaking of Stanford's long
string of defeats on the diamond and
the winning of both races in the In
tercollegiate regatta wind up the
greatest athletic year Stanford has
ever known. Saturday's baseball
game aside from deciding the Inter
collegiate series in favor of the Car
dinal, was a splendid exhibition of a
team fighting to the finish and win
ning in the face of certain defeat.
The 1907 nine will live long in Stan
ford history. None the less gratify
ing is the victory of the Varsity and
Freshman crews. The oarsmen dem
onstrated without a doubt that they
are worthy of the Varsity emblems
which they have won for the first
time. Coach Murphy, Captain Zim
merman, the Varsity eight and the
Freshman four have fulfilled all the
expectations of the Student Body, and
to them as well as to Coach Lanagan,
Captain Presley and the members of
the baseball team must go the praise
for a fitting finale to a great athletic
year.
