# Officers Elected for Women's Tennis.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
At a meeting of the women's tennis
squad this afternoon, Miss L. Howell,
'08, was elected captain for the coming
year with Miss S. Bundy, '10, as man
ager.
