# PROFESSOR DUPRIEZ CALLED TO FRANCE
## 
### 
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
Professor Leon Dupriez, husband of
Mme Dupriez, who spoke at assembly
yesterday, has been called to France
by the prime minister to act in an ad
visory capacity in the solving of the
economic and social problems which
France is facing. Professor Dupriez
in an international authority on eco
nomic law ami sine l be was forced to
leave the University of Louvain has
been le. tin ing at Harvard.
