# Varsity-Marines Tangle Saturday
## 
### 
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
Stanford and the Marines from San
Francisco will tangle on the varsity
lot in the national pastime Saturday
afternoon at 3:30. A 15 cent charge
is to be made by Manager Sullivan
for student body members, while non
members will be taxed the full 25
cents.
Captain Lilly plans to start "Doc"
Lifur in the box, with "Canary" Camp
bell on the receiving end. Davis will
play first, Partlmm or Doe on second,
Dickey on the difficult corner and Gal

loway in the short lield. "Doc" Way
land will occupy the left garden. Cap
tain Lilly the center, and Howes or
Knox the right.
The Marine team is made up of
Oregon, Washington, and California
players and is reputed to be one of
the crack nines in Uncle Sam's serv
ice. Several of the men who starred
on the football team that defeated all
comers on the coast are playing on
the baseball nine. Manager Sullivan
has made arrangements to have Burn
side and Scliaeffer umpire the game.
