# FOUR MEMBERS MAKE WOMEN'S GYM CLUB
## 
### 
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
Women's Gymnasium Club elected
four members at a business meeting
held this noon.
Miss Eunice Hettinger, '18, Amelia
Anderson, '10, Irma Weber, '19,
Kirby Ingoldsby, '21, were those who
successfully passed the tryouts,
which consisted of pyramid building
and tumbling. Stanford is one of the
few universities whose women have
attempted this difficult work.
