# INSIDE
## 
### 
Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

Standing tall
Performing Arts presents
Corey Davis performing his
original Bag Dance.
See Intermission, Section 2

City Hall
Black candidates emerge
victorious in elections
across nation.
See World & Nation, page 3

Run the ball
Cardinal football prepares
for its trip to Arizona State
this weekend.
See Sports, page 7

