# REDLANDS DEBATE TEAM WILL MEET STANFORD APRIL 6
## Contest Will be Printed in National Debaters' Series 
### 
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
Coach M. J. McClintock has named
the following squad of four debaters
from which a trio of three will be
picked to represent Stanford in a con
test with Redlands University, on April
6: J. H. Anglim, '23, L. W. Hodges,
'21, Miss Alice Kddy, '21, and T. G.
Irwin, '23. The question to be de
bated is, "Resolved, That all railway
labor disputes should be submitted to
a Federal Board of Arbitration with
compulsory powers."
This will be Stanford's first forensic
contest with Redlands University,
whose team is now making a trip
through the east debating the question
as stated with several universities.
The Redlands team supports the af
firmative of the question in all their
contests, and by the time they arrive
at Stanford they will be able to pre
sent a formidable line of argument.
Professor Egbert Ray Nichols, presi
dent of Redlands University, enjoys
a national reputation as a public
speaking authority, and as an author
of handbooks for debaters. A team
representing a college Avith such a
man at its head will no doubt be able
to hold their own on either side of
the question.
The speeches of both affirmative and
negative will be taken as given on
the platform by an expert, and will
be published in the Debater's Hand
book Series. The fact that their argu
ments are 'to be submitted in print
for the criticism of future debaters
who will look in the hand-books for
information, will no doubt serve as
an incentive for the local trio to im
prove their style.
Compulsory arbitration by a federal
board has long been a national issue
and will serve as an interesting sub
ject for debate. Arbitration, both
compulsory and voluntary, has been
tried in almost every country in the
world, but compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes is now in use only in
Australia and New Zealand. It is an
interesting phase of the general social
agitation and industrial unrest that
has served as a basis for so much
discussion.
The trio will have an excellent op
portunity to prepare for the contest
by being able to take advantage of
the Easter vacation, and it is prophe
sied that the worth of the team they
are to meet will merit all the time
and study that can be devoted to the
question by the local contestants.
