# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
Kansas City Junior College has an
organization of rooters called the
"Wold Women."
