# Free Tickets for Interclass Games.
## 
### 
At a recent meeting id' the Athletic
Board it, was decided to rant to all
those who have paid their student body
assessment of one dollar for 1894, or
who will pay the same on or before
October 0, a complimentary ticket to
the series of interclass contests.
At a recent meeting id' the Athletic
Board it, was decided to rant to all
those who have paid their student body
assessment of one dollar for 1894, or
who will pay the same on or before
October 0, a complimentary ticket to
the series of interclass contests.
At a recent meeting id' the Athletic
Board it, was decided to rant to all
those who have paid their student body
assessment of one dollar for 1894, or
who will pay the same on or before
October 0, a complimentary ticket to
the series of interclass contests.
