# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
Chesarek (6-1, 160-pound jun
ior from San Francisco) has
the potential to be among the
nation's best 440 men. lie ran
47.7 early in 1957. but never
came close to that mark again
as he was troubled with pace.
Ran 47.4 on the ripening leg of
a relay at Texas last week. Can
range down to 220 or up to 880.
Major: Electrical Engineering.

Von Wronski (6-2, 190-pound
junior from San Francisco, di
vides the catching job with
Ralph Holding. He hit .300 last
year and knocked in 12 runs.
Did not make any errors last
year, and contained enemy run
ners with his excellent arm. He
and Holding give Stanford the
best catching in the CIBA. Ma
jor: Industrial Engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DON CHESAREK
Track


ART VON WRONSKI
Baseball
