# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Susie Barker, '58,
to Wally Weisman, Law School,
'59,
