# BUSINESS SCHOOL
## 
### 
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
Newly elected officers of the
student council of the Graduate
School of Business are Douglas
Thamer, president; Stephen Bray,
vice-president; Murray Buttner,
secretary; John Lance, treasurer.
