# PLEDGING ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces Ihe
pledging of William Ward, '38.
