# Japan Ready To Invade North China
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 11 (U.R).—More
than 40,000 Manchurian and Mongol
irregular soldiers today were mass
ing at Shangtu and ihe Pailing-Miao,
on the borders of Mongolia, for an
invasion of Ihe North Chinese prov
ince of Suiyuan.
Chinese said the irregulars were
acting under instruction of officers
of the Japanese army and that the
threatened Japanese drive for con
trol of Suiyuan would start within
10 days.
