# Jones Still Seeking Sophs For Assistant Positions
## 
### 
Tryoutees for the position of as
sistant yell leader are greatly in de
mand at the yell leaders' tryouts
every Tuesday and Thursday at 1
o'clock in the Encina Pavilion, ac
cording to Webb Jones, Stanford's
yell king.
Meetings this quarter arc in the
nature of practice sessions, and ac
tual trials will not take place until
the beginning of winter quarter.
There is still plenty of time for any
sophomore who aspires to the posi
tion, to get in the running. There is
a decided lack of material at present.
Nelly Wheeler and Jim Ransohoff,
assistant yell leaders, are in charge
of the tryouts. The Rally Committee
will select six of the tryoutees to ap
pear on the ballot at the winter
quarter elections, and two of these
will bo elected to the positions of as
sistant yoll leaders. The present as
sistants run for head yell (leader.
Qualifications are that the tryoutee
is a sophomore and has a C average.
Any man with any inclination
toward yell leading is urged to attend
the meetings, where enough instruc
tion is Â«iven to develop good yell
leading form before the actual trials
occur.


WEBB JONES
