# COLLEGE NOTES.
## 
### 
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
Students at Oregon Athletic College
have turned out this year in record
breaking numbers to take part in the
various branches of athletics. Nearly
900 men, or virtually 90 per cent ot
the students, are now engaged in some
form of athletics. Cross-country
leads in the number of competitors
with 28.9 per cent, while gymnasium
work, fall baseball, soccer, field
events, football and wrestling follow
in order.
