# Barbs Defeat Olympics
## 
### 
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
In the first game of the Club rugby
championship, the Barbarian players
perpetrated a big surprise by defeat
ing the Winged O team by a score of
8 to fi. The game was closely fought
throughout, although there was much
loose football after the first half.
The Barbs will play the Palo Alto
Athletic Club for the championship.
