# Adv. 28 Page 4
## 
### 
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
LARKIN OFFICERS
Larkin has elected Mike Pen
tier, president; Carl Greenwood,
business manager; and Don
Palmer, Chips Carpenter, social
chairmen.
