# WALTER LIPPMANN
## Preventive Action on Recession 
### 
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
Along with the new trade pol
icy the most far-reaching pro
posal in the message is that the
President be given powers to
catch the next recession before
it gathers momentum. It is widely
reported that Congress will re
fuse to do that. But what won’t
Congress do? Will it refuse to
prepare now to stop the next
recession? Or will it take upon
itself the responsibility which
goes with its power, and find
some other way of accomplishing
the same results?

The one thing that Congress
cannot afford is to let the coun
try drift unprepared into the next
recession. For the longer the de
lay in combatting the recession,
the greater will be its momen
tum, and the stronger will have
to be the measures to deal with
it.

This is not a trumped-up issue.
During the past seven years we
have suffered three recessions—
in 1954, in 1958, and in 1960. They
have not been catastrophic like
1929. Much has been done since
then to stabilize the American
economy. But the three recessions
have been costly not only to the
unemployed but to the whole na
tion. There has been an enormous
loss of wealth that could have
been produced and was not. In
1960, the loss from idle plants and
idle men is estimated at between
30 and 35 billions—ssoo per Amer
ican household, two-thirds of what

we spend on national defense,
twice what we spend on public
education. Since 1954 the whole
loss in wealth—the gap between
what was and what could have
been produced if idle men and
idle plants had been employed—
has been about $lBO billion. This
is a huge amount, great enough
to make the difference between
carrying our public burdens eas
ily and staggering under them.

BESIDES THE SHEER loss of
wealth, the ominous feature of
the last three recessions is that
the good times between them
have been growing shorter. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly four years. The
upswing through 1957 lasted 35
months, nearly three years. The
upswing which ended in May 1960
had lasted 25 months, a little
more than two years. There is a
condition here which cannot be
shrugged off and should not be
trifled with. Judging by our past
experience, we may expect an
other recession in two years.
We cannot, therefore, afford to
close our minds to proposals de
signed to get ready for it and to
deal quickly with it when it ap
pears. The President has asked
for three measures—for improved
unemployment insurance, and for
stand-by authority to speed up
public works and temporary tax
reduction. The tax plan is almost
certainly the quickest and the
most effective way to deal with

the onset of a recession.
It is a powerful instrument. If
the President were to be given
authority to reduce income taxes
by, say, five per cent, he could,
when economic circumstances
warrant, temporarily increase the
private spending income of the
American people at the rate of
something like $lO billion per
year. The uncollected tax would
increase immediately take-home
pay and therefore the demand for
goods and services. This is indeed
strong medicine for a recession,
and it would be temporary. For
the basic tax structure would be
untouched and the old rate would
be restored.

AS COMPARED with a big
public works program and en
larged government expenditures,
a tax reduction is surely quite
conservative medicine for a reces
sion. It is interesting that the
way for the President’s proposal
has been prepared by the Com
mission on Money and Credit, set
up by the greatly respected or
ganization of businessmen known
as the Committee for Economic
Development.
Why do these enlightened con
servatives favor the idea? At bot
tom, because being enlightened,
they know that an even and
stable prosperity produces a mod
erate political climate. It is in
the depressions that the quick
and drastic measures are brought
forward. Indeed it is fair to say
that a conservative does not know
where his bread is buttered if he
does not want to stabilize the
economy against sharp ups and
downs. In that connection, the
most interesting objection I have
heard to the President’s proposal
came from a man who wants big
public programs and greatly en
larged government spending. He
believes that a further stabiliza
tion of the economy will inhibit
those measures.
Let us hope that Congress will
not close its mind to the pro
posals. For while they are con
troversial and debatable, and
should be discussed thoroughly,
the purpose of economic stabili
zation is of the highest national
importance. Perhaps the means
proposed by the President can be
improved. But the end cannot be
disputed seriously.
© 1962 New York Herald
Tribune Inc.
