# LETTERS
## 
### 
NAVV VAN
Editor, The Daily;
I have just read the article
"Quad No Place For Navy Re
cruiters.” Obviously, the author
of that article is much less con
cerned with the amount of road
space taken by the Navy van
than ho is about his opportunity
to make some nasty and rather
ridiculous remarks about the
service. I myself saw the van,
but I failed to see how its pres
ence near Quad constitutes an
invasion of "hallowed ground.”
Whether the author was turned
down for the service and was
made bitter as a result, T can’t
say, but I believe his use of the
word "we” throughout should be
“I” since he apparently is person
ally injured by the sight of the
van.
If he considers a recruiting van
a “symbol of force,” he ought io
watch either the Army, the Navy
or the Air Force battalions drill
—' .

someday. Since there are Univer
sity sponsored and approved mili
tary establishments on campus, 1
think we can safely assume that
they are not “an insult to the
Stanford community.”
Kiehard K. Gould
