# I-Club Selling Dance Tickets
## 
### 
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
The 1-Club is selling tickets at
the Women’s Clubhouse for the
International Ball, to be held Fri
day evening, Jan. 26, from 8:30
until 1 at the Sheraton Palace
Hotel in San Francisco. They cost
53.75 a couple, and will go toward
the building of a new I-Center.
Ray Hackett’s band will pro
vide dance music, and a world
famous Indian dance troupe will
perform as a part of the evening’s
entertainment.
