# You're wanted at the Track Rally!
## Pugh Does Some Star Work. 
### 
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
During the recent aviation meet in
Los Angeles, E. W. Pugh, '11. covered
all the details of the various events
for the Los Angeles Times. Pugh is
campus correspondent for this paper.
