# Get on the Boat for the Rally!
## 
### 
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
Miss Clara La Setra of Hollywood is
spending a couple of weeks on the
campus with Mr. and Mrs Woodhead.
