# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


ACROSS
1 "Overhead"
engine parts
5 Shoe undersides
10 the lily:
ornament to
excess
14 Doing the job
15 Between,
quaintly
16 There oughta be
one, so it's said
17 "Keep out" sign
19 Turn on a pivot
20 Jungian feminine
principle
21 Coll. major for a
future concert
artist
23 Anger
24 Pay for
everyone's
dinner
29 Lively Irish dance
32 Peter, Paul or
Mary
33 Not shut, in
verse
34 German river
36 Like a cold,
damp day
37 Type of notebook
40 "All exits are
blocked" situation
43 Shiny photo
44 Delivery vehicle
45 WWII
submachine gun
46 Floral welcome
47 Mexican money
49 Mag. staffers
50 Throng
management
54 Witchy woman
55 Place for a ring
56 On-the-job
reward
60 Norse war god
62 Four-on-the-floor,
e.g.
66 Atomizer output
67 Division of
society
68 Sunscreen
ingredient,
perhaps
6 helmet: safari
wear
70 Ease, as fears
71 Home on a limb
DOWN
1 Musical finale
2 Soon, to a bard

3 Short skirt
4 Defeat decisively
5 Sault Marie
6 Possess
7 On, as a lamp
8 Like churches,
vis-a-vis most
taxes
9 Rooster's gait
10 Tank filler
11 Unable to read
12 First lady before
Michelle
13 Dork
18 Mai : rum
drinks
22 Small stores
25 Traveling show
worker
26 Sedona and
Sorento
27 Not made of
interlaced parts,
as fabric
28 Expansive
stories
29 Author Erica
30 "American "
31 Precious stone
expert
35 Stitch over
37 Man of La
Mancha
38 Acted like
39 Contact or zoom

41 "All kidding _ ..."
42 No-food protest
47 Snazzy entrance
48 Bursts into tears
50 Bite vigorously
51 Pie slice edges,
geometrically
52 One of Caesar's
assassins
53 Actress Lindsay
57 Longest river
58 Roswell
sightings, briefly

59 Printer's "let it
stand"
61 To the degree
63 One of many in
the Aegean Sea:
Abbr.
64 Windy City
transportation org.
65 Computer
feature that ends
each of the five
longest across
answers

By Mark Bickham

1019/09

Today's Puzzle Solved

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc.


