# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
Wednesday, April 1
NORMA TALMADGE in
"THE LADY"
A triumph above all other
triumphs. Acclaimed by
critics as the greatest
achievement of her won
derful career.
Kinograms
"Children of Nature"
"ALICE THE PIPER"
A Novel Cartoon Offering
