# Health Council Elects President Wilbur Head
## 
### 
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
President Wilbur was re-elected j
president of the San Francisco Coun- j
cil of Sooiay and Health Agencies at
the annual meeting held this week at
the Stanford Nurses' Home. The coun-1
cil now has a membership of 128 or-i
ganizations and includes all members
of the Community Chesi of San Fran- j
cisco and municipal health and wel-
fare departments.
