# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."

"I'm alraid the engineers have tricked you, Miss Latour. The
drawing course you were hired to model lor is in the Art De
partment, just a few doors down toward the Geology Corner."
