# LOST CASH BOX
## 
### 
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
Miss Aten in the ASSU office has
lost her brand-new cash box. She
thinks some organization borrowed
it, and she would like very much to
get it back.
