# Oaks Sell Cake
## 
### 
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
The Oaks will continue through
the week with an ''Eat Your Cake
and Shine Your Shoe Sale" for the
benefit of WUS.
Residents of The Oaks will be in
Union Court during each noon hour
to sell homemade cake and shine
shoes. Cake or shine sell for 20
each, and 35 cents will buy both.
