# Campus Democrats organize coalition
## 
### Riv Weber 
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
As presidential and senatorial
elections draw nearer, Democ
rats on campus are reorganizing
the dormant group known as the
Stanford Democrats.
Under the leadership of ASSU
Sen. Brad Krevoy, Rick Weber
and Betsy Bremmer, the coali
tion is designed to serve as a
"clearing house for information
on the Democratic candidates."
Aware of the importance of as
sociation with the larger group,
the 45 member group has de
cided to affiliate with the
California Democratic Council
(CDC). Described by one member
as "middle left," the CDC is
comprised of about 15,000 mem
bers.
A CDC convention, scheduled
for Feb. 27 through 29 in Los

Angeles, will endorse a presi
dential candidate as well as a
California senatorial candidate.
The Stanford Democrats will
send three delegates and at least
three alternates to the Los
Angeles meeting. All will pay
their own expenses.
Members from the Stanford
Democrats are being sent to the
CDC Convention with instruc
tions not to vote on a presiden
tial candidate endorsement. It
was the general opinion of the
group that any form of endorse
ment at this time would have a
divisive effect on the coalition.
The coalition of Stanford
Democrats has also set up com
mittees to deal with publicity,
liaisons with professors, financ
ing, voter registration and edu
cation through newsletters and
debates.
