# Service to Rush
## 
### 
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
Delta Phi Epsilon, the national
Foreign Service fraternity, will
hold an open rush meeting to
night: at 7:1.1 in the Women's
Clubhouse. All students inter
ested in international affairs,
world trade and foreign relations
have been invited.
