# Martin to Head Men Sponsors
## 
### 
A 1 Martin, junior, has been
chosen to lead the sponsor pro
gram at Wilbur Hall next year,
according to the Sponsor Selec
tion Committee.
The other 23 men selected to
work with the freshman program
next year are Jim Allen, Howie
Anawalt, Mickey Bennett, Jerry
Berg, George Boldt, Keith Chris
man, Bill Crain, Tom Crawford,
Tom Early, Bob Hamilton, John
Hansen, VVally Hawlcy, Tim Hop
kins, Tom Jones.
Jay Lamb, Bob Mang, Paul
Neumann, Bob Rishwain, John
Snyder, Jim Sutherland, Bill Tie
dermann, Ray York and Dave
Zenoff. Geoff Newcomb will
serve as off-campus sponsor.
Alternates include Otto Klein,
John Krawczuk. Mike Mitchell,
Dave Owens and Tom Spencer.
This weekend the new spon
sors, both men and women, will
meet at Camp Campbell for an
orientation program with Presi
dent Wallace Sterling, Dean Don
ald Winbigler, Dean Elva Brown
and other faculty members.
