# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
Isolation Hospital: Diane Bre
gar, Elizabeth Elmandorf, Berke
ley Johnston Gilda Meyers, Merle
Meyer, Richard Price, Patricia
Scridner, Ann Sherer, Ann Stien
bauger, Margot Word, Robert
Wulf.
Men's Rest Home: James Ken
nedy, Vladimir Lieszkovsky, Mi
chael Asafo-Boakye, Darryl Hen
derson, Roger Moore, John Otis.
Palo Alto Hospital: William
Avery, Philip Miles, Aphra Rei
nelt, Stanley Valentine, Sidney
Yakowitz.
Women's Hospital: Lynne Ber-
Ihiaume, Dolores Bunell.
