# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Fuller (6-1, 170-pound sopho
more from Hillsborough) was
the outstanding frosh breast
stroker last year and looks des
tined for a fine future. He
should fight it out with team
mate Tom Peterson for the con
ference championship in the
breaststroke competition. Ful
ler should do even better next
season. Major: Business Ad
ministration.

Nelson (6-1, 180-pound soph
omore from Long Beach) has
seen most of his pitching action
with the Braves this year, but
should see plenty of varsity ac
tion next season. Had a spark
ling 0.36 ERA with the frosh
last year. Must learn to put his
full strength into his delivery.
One of the few Indians to pitch
right - handed. Major: General
Studies.


BILL FULLER
Swimming:


WARREN NELSON
Baseball
