# Weather
## 
### 
CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



CALL TO ACTION
Former political prisoner and priest
speaks about human rights in Haiti
FEATURES/3

ON VICTORY LANE
Men's basketball within one game of first
place in Pac-10 after win over Oregon.
SPORTS/9

Today: Cloudy
High 62
Low 37



