# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Raining Champs
{Stanford dominates rain
trtened Invitational.
ts, page 11

Spies like U.S.?
Iraq suspects American
inspector of espionage.
World and Nation, page 3


Raining Champs
{Stanford dominates rain
trtened Invitational.
ts, page 11

Spies like U.S.?
Iraq suspects American
inspector of espionage.
World and Nation, page 3


Raining Champs
{Stanford dominates rain
trtened Invitational.
ts, page 11

Spies like U.S.?
Iraq suspects American
inspector of espionage.
World and Nation, page 3


Raining Champs
{Stanford dominates rain
trtened Invitational.
ts, page 11

Spies like U.S.?
Iraq suspects American
inspector of espionage.
World and Nation, page 3


Raining Champs
{Stanford dominates rain
trtened Invitational.
ts, page 11

Spies like U.S.?
Iraq suspects American
inspector of espionage.
World and Nation, page 3


