# Stanford Graduate Weds San Francisco Doctor
## 
### 
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
Mies Minna Ivy Nagel, who gradu
ated from Stanford with Phi Beta
Kappa honors, was married Saturday
evening in San Francisco to Dr. Wil
liam Cooper Eldenmuller. Dr. Eiden
muller is a California graduate, and
received his M.D. from that school.
Mrs. Eidenmuller studied music
abroad, in Boston, and in New York.
The"' couple will make their home in
San Francisco.
