# Tryoutees For Staff of Daily Palo Alto Will Meet at 1:30 Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
Tryoutees for the staff of The Daily
Palo Alto wi'l meet for the last time
this week in room 3 of the Press Build
ing at 1:30 p. m, tomorrow.

The work of the contestants for the
remainder of the trial period will be
outlined at the meeting. Tryouts will
last only two weeks, at the end of which
time the most promising of the candi
dates will be placed on the reportorial
staff of the Daily.
General adaptability attitude, and
promise of journalistic ability govern
for the most part in the selection of
staff members.
