# ENGINEER COUNCIL MEETS TO PLAN FOR THE COMING YEAR
## 
### 
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
Engineering Council met last night It
discuss plans for the coming year. As a
means of co-ordinating the work of the
various engineering organizations, ar
rrr.'j;events are being made for all the
societies to meet during the same week
Plans have been started for an Engin
eering smoker that is to be held on the
evening of Engineers' Day in the spring
quarter. The council is composed for
this year <>f P. E. Beackman, '21, F. F.
Evenson, '21, Mark Evans, '21, H. I!
Riley, '20, and L. G. Haskell. '20. At
last evening's meeting 1.. G. Haskell was
elected president of the council.
