# CHINA ACCIDENT
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 24 (/P). —'Two
hundred Chinese soldiers were killed
and an equal number injured today
when a crowded troop train plunged
from the rails into a mountain can
yon near Loyang. Honan province.
