# TO PLAY SOCCER TOMORROW.
## Instructor Maloney Asks Men Signed Up for Sport to Report at 4:45 O'clock. 
### 
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
Instructor H. I. Maloney of Encina
Gymnasium, in order to open up the
soccer football season as early as
possible, has asked that all men who
have signed up for that sport to re
port tomorrow afternoon at 4:45 for
the first game of the season. At this
time sides will be chosen, captains
elected, and positions on the teams
assigned. The time spent 011 the field
will be counted as regular gymnasium
class work.
It is the intention of Instructor Ma
loney to make soccer as popular a
sport among the undergraduates as
possible, and to that end has made it
possible for those who have signed up,
to have the time spent at the game in
the evening count as class work. As
the season progresses, teams to repre
sent the classes as a whole will be
picked and they will be allowed to
meet outside teams which will come
to the campus for Saturday games.
Each class will have its individual
teams and contests but the best men
from each class will compose the first
team.
