# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
With the persent issue of the Daily
Palo Alto C. R. Nunan, '12, of Stock
ton. becomes an associate editor.
For a year and a half Mr. Nunan has
served the paper as a member of the
assistant staff.
