# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
At the University of Montana the
faculty has decided to give persons
representing the University in a de
bate one credit toward graduation.
There are 1000 self-supporting stu
dents at the University of Kansas.
