# BRADBURY TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
Professor N. E. Bradbury of the
physics department will address the
Journal Club this afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 372. "Photo-ioniza
tion, Negative lon Formation, and
Recombination in the Atmosphere"
will be the subject of his talk. All
students interested are invited to
attend.
