# DiMaggio Headed For West Coast
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20 (UP).—Joe Di
Maggio, New York Yankees' star
outfielder and major league home
run king, passed' through Chicago
today en route home to San Fran
cisco.
Di Maggio's train arrived late and
he had to run to make connections
at another station. As he puffed up
the steps he said:
"Huh, out of shape already."
During the winter Di Maggio plans
to devote his time to managing his
restaurant in San Francisco.
