# Card Polo Team Takes San Jose
## 
### 
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
Good team work, hard riding, and
the fact that the San Jose Polo Club
team members are still in pre-sea
son shape led Captain Grubbs' Card
horsemen to an 11-2 victory over
them yesterday here on the high
way field.
Bob Wallace, riding at number 3,
led the Indian scoring attack with
four goals, followed by Don McAus
land, Steve Downey, and Bob Gil
lespie with two each; and Captain
Jim Fullerton with one. The Cards
scored in every ehukker except the
third and frequent substitutions
were made after the beginning of
the fourth. Bob Wallace was the
only Card to play the whole game.
The Garden City team was com
posed of Langsdon, number 1; An
derson, number 2; Villa, number 3;
and Rufus, number 4.
