# Free Shots To Tourists
## 
### 
The Health Service is now
offering free immunization
shots to all students planning
to travel in Europe this sum
mer or attend on of the Stan
ford campuses in Europe.
Smallpox vaccinations, re
quired by the United States
Public Health Department,
and tetanus, toxoid, typhoid,
and paratyphoid shots recom
mended by the Health Depart
ment, will be available.

The following schedule will
begin this week and continue
until the end of the quarter.
Independent travelers may
receive shots from 1 to 4:30
p.m. on Tuesdays and Thurs
days. Stanford-in-Europe stu
dents may go on Wednesdays
from 1 to 4:30 p.m.
