# White to Speak On Wednesday, Again Thursday
## Campus Lecture On 'Washington, States' 
### 
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
"Washington and the States:
Dominance or Co-operation" will be
the subject of a lecture by Leon
ard D. White, acting professor of
political science, tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Professor White will also address
the San Francisco Bay Chapter of
the Society for Public Administra
tion on Thursday night at the Clair
mont Hotel in Berkeley. He will
speak on "Federal Assistance to
Local Personnel Agencies."
Receiving his B.S. and M.A. at
Dartmouth in 1914, Professor White
obtained his Ph.D. in 1921 at the
University of Chicago. He has been
professor of political science and of
public administration at the Univer
sity of Chicago since 1920.
In 1923, Professor White acted as
a special investigator for the Na
tional Research Council, and he has
served on the Civil Service Com
mission in Chicago since 1931.
He is a member of the National
Institute of Public Administration
and in 1923-31 served on the Per
manent Commission to the Congress
Internationale des Sciences Admin
istratives.
