# Road Engineers Needed by State
## 
### 
An announcement was made to
day by the California State Person
nel Board in Sacramento that Jun
ior Highway Engineers are wanted.
These civil service positions with
the California State Division of
Highways pay a starting salary of
$170 a month and offer an excellent
opportunity for qualified young men
to enter the highway service. There
is opportunity through competitive
promotional examinations to move
upward in the state service to
higher-paying and more responsible
positions.
The entrance requirements for
these jobs include either (1) educa
tion equivalent to that represented
by graduation from college with
major work in civil engineering, or
(2) education equivalent to that
represented by completion of the
twelfth grade and two years of ex
perience in a surveying party or in
engineering construction and office
work (additional engineering expe
rience being equivalent to one year
of education).
Applications for the test must be
filed with the State Personnel
Board by midnight of August 6. The
application blanks and further in
formation about the tests can be
obtained by writing to the State
Personnel Board, Sacramento.
