# A 						LINCOLN MAN
## 
### 
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
Governor Stanford was an ardent
supporter of Lincoln and the Union.
