# Wolter Injured In Auto Accident
## 
### 
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
Harry Wolter, Stanford baseball
coach, was cut and bruised, but es
caped serious injury Sunday night
when his car dropped eight feet into
the drainage ditch being dug along
El Camino Real south of Redwood
City.
Wolter's car was forced off the
highway by another car, but despite
the eight-foot drop, his car re
mained upright.
A cut lip, a cut on the hand, and
a bruised chest were Wolter's in
juries.
Dr. C. Gilbert Wrenn, former as
sistant registrar here and now with
the University of Minnesota, was a
visitor on the campus last week.
