# STANFORD TO CLASH WITH OLYMPIC CLUB ON TRACK SATURDAY
## 
### 
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
Stanford varsity track men will test
their speed against the Olympic Club
runners on the local oval next Satur
day afternoon in the second meet
against the San Francisco team. Al
though the first meet was extremely
one-sided in Stanford's favor, the com
petition Saturday promises to be keen
because the clubmen will enter a full
team in place of the few entries in the
previous contest.
The Stanford team is in first class
condition after two weeks' training
following the California meet. Kirk
sey, who injured his leg while running
the last lap of the Berkeley relay, is
once more in trim and will sprint
against the Olympic stars, who will
include the phenomenal high school
speedster, Eddie Sudden, who negoti
ated the 100 in 10 flat and the 220 in
21:4 in the recent state interschol
astic meet. Art Wilcox, the other
member on the Stanford sick list will
not be able to vault Satuday but will
probably be in condition to compete
against the Oregon Aggies, May 8.
Wilcox sprained his ankle in the Cali
fornia meet.
On May 15, the Saturday following
the Oregon "Aggies'" meet, the Stan
ford team will compete in the Pacific
Coast Conference Meet to be held on
the Stanford field and including Wash
ington State, University of Washing
ton, Aregon "Aggies," California, and
University of Oregon.
