# UNIVERSITIES GET $750,000 BY WILL
## 
### 
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
BOSTON, Mass, April 27. —Harvard
University, Radcliffe College and the
Museum of Fine Arts will each get
$250,000 upon the eventual disposition
of a trust fund of $1,000,000* left by
Mrs. Clara Kimball of Boston, whoso
will was filed in the Suffolk probate
office recently.
