# RUSSIAN FUR TRADER IS GUEST ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
Alexander Karaeff, manager of a fur
trading company in tlie Aleutian Island,
whith secures furs for Liebes & Co.,
of San Francisco, is visiting Dr. and
Mrs. Henry Latiz in Palo Alto. Karaeff,
who is a Russian, maintains a strictly
neutral attitude in the present political
chaos, and brings interesting first-hand
reports from that country, lie plans to
sail within a few days for Kamchatka.
