# Dr. Jordan Will Lecture.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
Dr. Jordan will deliver a lecture
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
University Chapel upon the subject
of, "International Law and the Fish
eries Question." The subject upon
which l")r. Jordan talks is one to
which he has Riven a good deal of
study as a member of the IT. S. Fish
Commission. All are cordially in
vited to attend.
