# Sunday Sermon.
## 
### 
iiev. Charles H. Caton preached
the sermon in the chapel last Sun
day. He said in part:
" "Tis life, not death, for which
we pant.' No thought in the nine
teenth century has gone more into
the heart of man than this of Tenny
son. The old thought of the world
was different. God had made the
world; he had withdrawn from it,
he transcended it, occupying an
imaginable space far in the dis
tance.
"The newer thought makes God
living and vital; it changed man's
acceptance in religion from author
ity to investigation and rational
ism. Jesus said, '1 am the door
into life,' but he has been misun
derstood. lie never intended that
we should diminish the qualities of
self-respect, that God should be
glorified through the abasement of
self. 1 hate to think that Jesus
was an accident thrown in to cor
rect the wrong of the universe. He
is rather the working out of the
truth of ages, come to show man
how to relate himself rightly and
accurately to the Universe.
"We have eliminated the per
sonal equation from the problem of
life, but the thought of the first
quarter of the twentieth century
will do much to bring about the re
lation of man to God. We have
taught self-denial, but the wrong
kind, the self-humility that does
not dignify. If there is a rift in
the final outcome, if the building

called character is not sound
throughout, it means that some
where in the structure man hus put
falsehood. "The chief business of
culture is to build men,' says
Ru&kin.
"Christ came to prepare man for
life, not for death. Nature is our
home, and life means beauty, ap
preciation, imagination, sympathy.
We have overdone the supernatur
al and underdone the natural in
Christ. We do not yet know what
miracles harmony can work. The
wonderful things lie did were due
to harmony, His oneness with Na
ture. All nature seemed concen
trated in Him. He was the focal
point, the sounding-board of the
universe. He placed Himself in
the right relation to Nature and
showed man how to live."
