# Stanford Fencers Will Meet California Tonight
## 
### 
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
Five Stanford men will compete
with the University of California for
the intercollegiate singles fencing
championship of the Pacific Coast, to
be held at Harmon gymnasium, this
evening. Stanford is favored to win
the honors by reason of their over
whelming victory over the California
foil wielders, in the team champion
ships, last Friday.
The Stanford entries are Robin Willis,
'20, Kenneth Gardner, '23, Walter Weg
ncr, '23, Paul Sandretto, '23, and War
ren Lewis, '21. Judges have not as yet
been choscn.
