# WHITING WILLIAMS TO SPEAK BEFORE ASSEMBLY MONDAY
## Former Steel Company Head to Tell of His Experiences as Laborer in Coal Mines 
### 
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
The "overall" method based on per
sonal experiences as a laborer in the
coal mines of Germany, France, Belgi
um, England and America will be the
topic oil which Whiting Williams,
American business man and former
vice-president of the Hydraulic Steel
Company, will address a students as
sembly at 11 o'clock, Monday morn
ing.
"To know the foundations of modern
industrial life, we must know the lab
orer on his job." Such was the belief
which in 1919 influenced Mr. Williams
to leave the desk of personal director
and vice-president of the Hyraulic
Steel Company, assume an alias, and
for seven months hun for jobs in Amer
ica's coal mines, steel plants and
round-houses. On his return Mr. Wil
liams was called upon for talks and
articles on his experiences and con
clusions.
Again in the summer of 1920 he
donned the garb of a laborer and spent
those months in action in the coal
mines, steel plants, and shipyards of
Great Britain. The following summer
he continue in similar work in de
vastated and occupied areas in north
ern France, the "Pittsburg" or Ruhr
district of Germany, and in the mines
of Belgium. At this time he was
also present at the' second annual As
sembly of the League of Nations, at
Geneva.
In his capacity of laborer Mr. Wil
liams learned much of the industrial
situations abroad and in his discussion
will make comparisons of the condi
tions and the outlook of the working
men in those countries and in Amer
ica. He will also speak of the pres
ent state of affairs in Europe in refer
ence to the causes of and the reme
dies for the serious condition of un
employment and industrial depression
in America.
Since his return to this country, Mr.
Williams has devoted his time to lec
turing and writing on the subject of
his experiences and their relations to
the industrial problems. He has con
tributed a number of articles on the
viewpoints of the workingman to
Scribner's and other magazines and
his latest book entitled "Full Up and
Fed Up" deals with the laboring con
ditions in England.
