# BALTIMORE ORIOLES CANCEL TOUR
## 
### 
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
MIAMI. Fla i/P) Relations be
tween the United States and Cuba
were strained yesterday when the
Baltimore Orioles cancelled a
series in Havana.
