# Adv. 6 Page 5
## 
### 
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
Sierra Sneakers
Sherpa guides wear them on expeditions, but you'll want them for back
packing and everyday wear. Amazingly light and rugged, with canvas
uppers and lugged soles, Sierra Sneakers give you comfort with great
support In one color, Mountain Tan The price, an amazing $22.50.
SII'IUM & DMKKiKS
4th & Addison, Berkeley, 843 2010 • 217 Alma, Palo Alto, 325 3231
