# Nuclear debate
## 
### 
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
Hoover Fellow Edward Teller, the
father of the hydrogen bomb, and
Peter Faulkner, nuclear engineer and
author ol The Silent Bomb, will de
bate the future ot nuclear power to
night at 7:30 in Kresge Auditorium.
The panel discussion also features
Bert Wolfe, general manager for
General Electric's nuclear division,
and |im Harding, an economist from
Friends of the Earth. Theeventwill be
broadcast live on K/SU.
