# Poetry reading
## 
### 
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
Helen Trimpi, Melville scholar and
critic of modern poetry, will read
from her book, Error Pursued, and
later poems at 5:30 p.m. today on
k/SU.
