# Fonda to speak
## 
### 
Jane Fonda, two-time
Academy Award winner for
Klute and Coming Home,
will speak before a special
showing of Klute and A
Doll's House tonight at 8
p.m. at the New Varsity
Theater, 456 University
Ave., Palo Alto.
Proceeds from the event
will benefit the Campaign
for Economic Democracy
(CED). CED is a statewide
grassroots organization
working to extend the prin
ciple of participatory demo
cracy to the economic sys
tem. Its 26 chapters work on
issues and campaigns of
local concern and statewide
importance. Membership is
over 5000.
