# RABBI KAPLAIN TO PREACH IN CHAPEL NEXT SUNDAY.
## 
### 
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
Rabbi Kaplain of the Bush Street
Temple in San Francisco will be the
special preacher at the regular Uni
versity Chapel service next Sunday
morning. Rabbi Kaplan is one of the
foremost Jewish divines on the coast.
