# INTERMEZZO SERIES
## 
### 
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
"'Major Barbara" will be the
fourth in the summer series of In
termezzo motion pictures, to be
shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in Cub
berley Hall. Admission is free.
