# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
Quote of the Day
"I want to be with her."
— Thomas McBride, who is
leaving his position as direc
tor of Stanford's department
of environmental health and
safety to join his wife,
Catherine Milton, in Wash
ington, D.C. McBride will
teach at Stanford in Wash
ington fall quarter. See
story, front page.
