# California Wins Basket-Ball.
## 
### 
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
The women's basket-ball team of
California defeated the Stanford
team by a score of 16-2 last Satur
day in Hearst Hall.
