# Y.W.C.A. Gives Luncheon.
## 
### 
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
A Capitola Luncheon was given
last Saturday at Roble Hall by the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation at which there were one hun
dred guests present and at which
Miss Theresa Wilbur, '03, presided
as toast-mistress. Those respond
ing to toasts were Mrs. Easter
day, a member of the American
Committee, Miss Pauline Gartzman,
'06, Miss Laura Bailey, '05, Miss
Mary Graham,'o6,and MissPaxton,
who spoke on the Capitola Con
ference. Sixty girls expect to at
tend the Capitola Conference, in
session from March 30th to April
10th.
