# MPAA cans ‘X’ rating
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The X
rating was eliminated yesterday
by the Motion Picture Association
of America in favor of a new NC
-17 rating that bars children but
does not carry the commercial
stigma of the X.
Filmmakers hope the new rat
ing, effective immediately, will
carry none of the advertising and
exhibition restraints that an X
rating guaranteed. They maintain
that the X rating had become syn
onymous with hard-core pornog
raphy, and served no purpose in
evaluating artistic films best
suited for adults.
The R rating, which bars unac
companied minors from certain
films, remains intact, as do the
PG-13, PG and G ratings.
"It's a great step," said Philip
Kaufman, director of the X-rated
Universal Pictures film "Henry &
June." The historical drama,
which features some explicit sex,
was set for a ratings appeal next
week and will now be the first
recipient of the new NC rating,
which bars children under age 17.
"I'm just really delighted that
we can show this film uncut in
America and show the film the
way I made it," Kaufman said. "It
is not intended as a prurient
film."

Films now rated X can be
resubmitted for the new rating,
the MPAA said.
It was unclear whether news
papers and television and radio
stations, which tend to reject
advertisements for X-rated films,
would be more inclined to cany
ads for movies bearing the NC-17
mark.
The new rating will be copy
righted, the MPAA said at a New
York news conference. The X rat
ing was not copyrighted and is
used widely by the adult movie
industry.
Most theater chains refuse to
show X-rated films, regardless of
artistic merit.
For months, a variety of direc
tors and film producers have
sought a change in the ratings
system.
Other X-rated films aimed at
mainstream moviegoers included
"Hardware," "Frankenhooker,"
"Henry: Portrait of a Serial
Killer," and "Life is Cheap ... But
Toilet Paper is Expensive."
The announcement marks a
significant about-face by the
MPAA. Its president, Jack Valenti,
had maintained during months of
complaints that the procedure
worked.
