# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
I
SEND THE DAILY
HOME
KEEP THE FOLKS
INFORMED
— Only —
$2 per Quarter
S5 per School Year
Drop in the Daily Shack
any fimc in the afternoon
