# Bradley To Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
Dr. Harold Whitman Bradley, as
sociate professor of history, will
speak Thursday at 4:150 in the 'Y'
room. His topic will be the present
election, the political platforms in
volved, and their policies.
The purpose of this association is
to get outstanding speakers to talk
on world affairs pertaining to the
latest news developments. The speak
ers also give the historical back
ground in order to show why these
events happen.
