# Daily Appointees To Be Announced
## 
### 
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
New appointments to the Stan
ford Daily staff from the tryoutees
will he posted in the Daily Shack
Friday, Nan Tilton, managing edi
tor, said yesterday after the proof
reading test. The new staff mem
bers will meet with the regular
staff Sunday afternoon at 12:.'»0.
Miss Til ton spoke briefly on the !
feature story after Jan Jacques
staff editor, had conducted the
proof reading test. About 21) stu
dents attended and turned in their
final stories.
