# ADELFA GIVES MIXER
## 
### 
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
Casa Adella held a Mixer dinner
lastnight. After dinner coffee was
served in the Social Room. The
Adella girls sang for the first time
"The Sweetheart of Adella." an orig
inal composition by Man Ann Bar- .
din. •
