# YWCA Drive
## Six Groups Go 100 Per Cent 
### 
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
Bringing to a climatic close the
firstday of the YWCA membership
drive, six residence units turned in
100 per cent and others were nearing
J heir goals at 8 p.m. according to
Chairman Merriam Margetts. First
to turn in perfect membership score
was Roth House, followed by Casa
Eucalypto and Adelfa in Lagunita.
Roble's representative in the 100
per cent bracket was Corridor 2C.
Competition ran high at Lagunita
Court, with Eucalypto challenging
Magnolia, and Adelfa competing with
Naranja.
Casa Ventura beat out its rival,
Hawthorne, "by phoning Miss Mar
getts just under the 8 p.m. Daily
deadline. Juniper and Redwood are
having a contest, but as yet no offi
cial results have been received.
Durand House was sixth to achieve
the 100 per cent mark.
With six days left in the week-long
drive, Miss Margetts was hopeful
that many more living-groups would
be turning in perfect scores. The
quota, set this quarter at a new high
of 850, will easily be reached if
women continue their eager re
sponse, she said.
Assisting Miss Margetts with the
Drive are co-chairman Zeryne Wood;
head of office supplies Jean Stroud;
and collection manager Pat Whitte
more.
