# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around Ihc
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
