# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad is 5 p.m. the day before
publication.
