# Egg Hunts Slated For the Weekend
## 
### 
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
Two Easter egg hunts will be held
near f.ampus this weekend.
Saturday morning, the Stanford
Club Easter egg hunt will be held
at 10:30 at the Polo Grounds. Res
ervations close tomorrow noon.
Mary Phares is in charge of reser
vations.
The Palo Alto 20-.10 Club will
hold its second anual Easter egg
hunt for all Palo Alto youngsters
Sunday at 1 p.m. The hunting area
will be at the intersection of Em
barcadero and El Camino Real on
the west side of the highway.
