# Plane Companies Seek Engineers
## 
### 
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
Marquardt Aircraft Company and
Kai::er Affiliated Companies will
have representatives on campus to
morrow to interview students lor
permanent jobs. Those interested
in meeting with the interviewers
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
The Marquardt Aircraft Company
needs March and June graduates in
aeronautical and mechanical engi
neering.
The Kaiser representative will
speak with June A.B. or M.B.A.
graduates and mechanical, civil,
electrical, and chemical engineers.
Men will also he interviewed for
industrial sales, accounting, pro
duction engineering, and training
positions.
