# REVIVAL SERIES
## 
### 
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
The Revival Series will stait of!
its series of noted plays made into
successful movies tonight, with.
"Berkeley Square" leading off. This
movie stars the late Leslie Howard
and Heather Angel and deals with
a man who travels back into tirr' •»
and is believed t 0 be a demon by
his ancestors, The movie will be
shown at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium. Only season ticket holders
will be admitted.
