# Foreign Study Aid Available
## 
### 
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
Opportunities for foreign study
under the Fulbright Act and the
Inter-American Cultural Conven
tion are available in Europe, the
Near East, the Middle East and
South America.
Application blanks may be ob
tained in Room 321 D, on the first
floor of the Geology Building.
The deadline for returning the
completed blanks is Oct. 20.
13 a si c eligibility requirements
include: United States citizenship
at time of application, bachelor
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning dale of the grant,
knowledge of the language of the
host country sufficient to carry
out the proposed study and to
communicate with the people of
that country, and good health.
Awards cover transportation,
expenses of the language refresh
er or orientation course, tuition,
books and maintenance for one
academic year.
