# Adv. 28 Page 10
## 
### 
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
rr\
JL he rookies would like to
thank Amanda, Ritu,
Meredith, Jessica, Jim, Pat,
Gil, and all the other
old-timers who helped us out
tonight.
