# DISCUSS DANCE RULES AT BY-LAWS REVISION COMMITTEE MEETING
## 
### 
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
Recommendation that the Executive
Committee grant dates for registration
dances only to those organizations owned
and operated by the Associated Students
was made by the A.S.S.U. By-Laws Re
vision Committee at its meeting last night.
The rule concerning closed dates was
tentatively amended to provide for only
one closed date a year to any organiza
tion except the Dramatic Council. It was
recommended that the residence halls and
any class or other organization involving
the student body as a whole be allowed
to give as many one-o"clock dances per
quarter as they wished. The old ruling
allowing only one one-o'clock dance per
quarter to any other type of organization
is still in force.
That no organization need apply for a
date which concludes its activity at or
before nine o'clock was another recom
mendation. This does liot relieve any
organization, except one having a per
manent house chaperon, from turning in
a list of chaperones for the function to
the proper Dean, even if it has not se
cured the date through the Executive
Committee.
