# Willard Hotchkiss Leaves On Tour of Eastern Cities
## 
### 
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
Willard E. Hotchkiss, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left the
campus yesterday for a tour oi the
principal eastern cities. He plans to
be gone for about a month in the
interests of the Business School.
