# LETTERS
## 
### 
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
Letters to the Editor should not
exceed 230 words. Name, address
and phone number should be in
cluded. Typewritten letters have
a better chance of appearing. Let
ters shall be printed without
change except in the case of po
tentially libelous material. The
fact that any letters hold an op
posite viewpoint from the Edi
torial Board will not matter.
