# Figures Show SU Growing
## 
### 
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
Stanford is definitely a
growing university. Harvey
Hall, registrar, reports that
the latest figures show an in
crease of 405 over last year's
winter quarter registration.
The current total is 8.832
students registered, compared
to 8.447 last year. Of this
number, 6.615 are men an
increase of 322 and 2,237 are
women an increase of 83.
