# Roble Afternoon Classes Will Not Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
All classes in Women's Gymnasium
meeting after noon tomorrow will be
dismissed, according to an annnounce
ment made yesterday, by Miss Helen
Masters Bunting, head of the Women's
Physical Training department. This
action is taken 011 account of the holi
j day on Thursday.
