# Stamp Sales Soar In Twelve Groups
## 
### 
Twelve living groups have chalked
up 100 per cent war stamp sales,
according to the first weekly report
from Stamp Sales Chairman Jean
Richards.
Stamp sales this quarter are being
conducted on a week-to-week basis.
Living groups that do not turn in
sales reports at the War Board of
fice by 1 p. m. every Thursday will
be counted as 0 per cent, Miss Rich
ards said.
One hundred per cent houses this
week included:
Hurlburt House, Storey House,
Roth House, Jessie Jordan House,
The Chalet, Casa Olivo, Casa Ven
tura, Branner 2E, 2W, X 3 and 2
center.
Roble 38, 05 per cent; Casa Mag
nolia, 93 per cent; Durand House,
92.G per cent; Oaks, 87.5 per cent;
Hawthorne, 86 per cent; Mariposa,
45 per cent.
