# Patton's Forces Cross Our River
## 
### 
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
PARIS, Jan. 30 (UP). —Lieutenant
General George S. Patton's Third
Army crossed the Our River onto
German soil at two points south of
St. Vith yesterday as the U. S. First
Army, widening its drive at the
Siegfried Line, captured four towns
in a four-mile advance and Allied
planes wrecked more than half of
2,000 enemy vehicles fleeing the new
American assaults.
Driving ahead two miles from the
Luxembourg village of Liethum,
Patton's forces captured Oberhausen
on the west bank of the Our eight
miles south of St. Vith and then
crossed over into Germany for the
first re-invasion of the Reich from
the Ardennes bulge.
