# Play Tickets Still on Sale
## 
### 
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
"Sweetheart Time" tickets are still
on sale today, although the ASSU
office has announced that the $2.40
bids went rapidly in the first sale
yesterday.
The list of patrons and patronesses
announced for the Toyon dance in
cludes Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. Dayton Phillips, Mr.
Harold Bacon, Mr. Robert Grinnell,
unci Mrs. Betty Lee Schatz.
Benny Glassman and his 16 piece
orchestra with two vocalists will be
leatu r e d. Refreshments will be
jrvecl throughout the evening, and
there will be intermission entertain
ment.
Jack Pearson, Toyon social chair
man, is general chairman of the
dance, and Bob Gettys is in charge
of entertainment.
