# Vaccination Slips Due At Registrar's Office
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's office on Mon
day, February 5, for all new stu
dents, including those who have
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired. Failure to file certificates
by 5 p. in. on Monday will result
in a fine of $2 or, if not filed hy
| February 12, registration in the
| University will be subject to can
cellation by the Committee on
Public Health.
