# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It might be well to warn Encina
residents on the third and ibuith
lloors that the banisters surround
ing the heads of the stairways have
been in a most uustable situation for
two years past, aud great caution
should be observed not to rest one's
weight upon them. Any scuflling or
careless movement might precipitate
the unfortunate some three stories;
it would hardly pay to gather up the
pieces. Isn't it about time that this
matter was remedied by whoever has
charge of the repair of the buildings ?
What a horrible catastrophe for the
University it would be if that appar
ently firm railing should some day
give way and a half students
be maimed or killed. It is a matter
for wonder that such a danger should
have so long been known to exist
and not have been repaired. It is a
matter for greater wonder and grati
tude that, as yet, no fatalities have
resulted from the defect.
