# Murals
## 
### 
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
The second wrestling clinic in
preparation for the IM meet will
be held tonight in the Old
Pavillion from 7:30 to 9:00 ... In
basketball, Bill Reed of El Cuadro
holds the scoring lead, averaging
26 points per game after three
contests.
