# KAZANJIAN DEFEATS RAINES IN MAT BOUT
## 
### 
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
"Casey" Kazanjian, former Stanford
football star, defeated Dick Raines of
Texas in two out of three falls in a
wrestling match at Dreamland Audi
torium last Tuesday. It was a fast and
interesting bout from the spectators'
standpoint.

Kazanjian won the first fall with a
flying tackle in twenty-five minutes,
Raines was awarded the second in eight
minutes when a reverse head.lock was
successful. The former Stanford man
won the third and deciding fall with a
hammerlock in nine minutes. It was
Casey's" first effort as a main event
performer,
