# Summer Marriages in the Faculty.
## 
### 
On June 10, 1896, at Castilleja
Hall, Professor Bolton Coit Brown
and Miss Lucy H. Fletcher of Palo
Alto were married by the Rev. Mr.
Greely of San Jose. Prof. A. B.
Clarke officiated as best man. The
groom occupies the chair of draw
ing at the University,and the bride
has been a tencher in Castilleja
Hall for some time. The happy
couple spent their honeymoon
camping out in the Sierras. Their
future home will be the remodeled
dormitory of Castilleja Hall.
Prof. J. P. Smith of the chair of
geology and Miss Francis Rand,
formerly of the Class of '97, were
married at Manitosooc, Wisconsin,
the home of the bride's parents, on
the 19th of last month. The mar
riage was a quiet, home affair,
none but close friends of the bride
and groom being present. Imme
diately after the ceremony the
couple departed fora tour of sev
eral of the large eastern cities in
which Prof. Smith has been en
gaged in delivering lectures. They
expect to make their home at the
University.
On June 10, 1896, at Castilleja
Hall, Professor Bolton Coit Brown
and Miss Lucy H. Fletcher of Palo
Alto were married by the Rev. Mr.
Greely of San Jose. Prof. A. B.
Clarke officiated as best man. The
groom occupies the chair of draw
ing at the University,and the bride
has been a tencher in Castilleja
Hall for some time. The happy
couple spent their honeymoon
camping out in the Sierras. Their
future home will be the remodeled
dormitory of Castilleja Hall.
Prof. J. P. Smith of the chair of
geology and Miss Francis Rand,
formerly of the Class of '97, were
married at Manitosooc, Wisconsin,
the home of the bride's parents, on
the 19th of last month. The mar
riage was a quiet, home affair,
none but close friends of the bride
and groom being present. Imme
diately after the ceremony the
couple departed fora tour of sev
eral of the large eastern cities in
which Prof. Smith has been en
gaged in delivering lectures. They
expect to make their home at the
University.
On June 10, 1896, at Castilleja
Hall, Professor Bolton Coit Brown
and Miss Lucy H. Fletcher of Palo
Alto were married by the Rev. Mr.
Greely of San Jose. Prof. A. B.
Clarke officiated as best man. The
groom occupies the chair of draw
ing at the University,and the bride
has been a tencher in Castilleja
Hall for some time. The happy
couple spent their honeymoon
camping out in the Sierras. Their
future home will be the remodeled
dormitory of Castilleja Hall.
Prof. J. P. Smith of the chair of
geology and Miss Francis Rand,
formerly of the Class of '97, were
married at Manitosooc, Wisconsin,
the home of the bride's parents, on
the 19th of last month. The mar
riage was a quiet, home affair,
none but close friends of the bride
and groom being present. Imme
diately after the ceremony the
couple departed fora tour of sev
eral of the large eastern cities in
which Prof. Smith has been en
gaged in delivering lectures. They
expect to make their home at the
University.
On June 10, 1896, at Castilleja
Hall, Professor Bolton Coit Brown
and Miss Lucy H. Fletcher of Palo
Alto were married by the Rev. Mr.
Greely of San Jose. Prof. A. B.
Clarke officiated as best man. The
groom occupies the chair of draw
ing at the University,and the bride
has been a tencher in Castilleja
Hall for some time. The happy
couple spent their honeymoon
camping out in the Sierras. Their
future home will be the remodeled
dormitory of Castilleja Hall.
Prof. J. P. Smith of the chair of
geology and Miss Francis Rand,
formerly of the Class of '97, were
married at Manitosooc, Wisconsin,
the home of the bride's parents, on
the 19th of last month. The mar
riage was a quiet, home affair,
none but close friends of the bride
and groom being present. Imme
diately after the ceremony the
couple departed fora tour of sev
eral of the large eastern cities in
which Prof. Smith has been en
gaged in delivering lectures. They
expect to make their home at the
University.
