# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now fou Vacation. — A few of the
articles we carry: .Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Back Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from -$15 up. Ha r nesa
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. -rt.iv
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carkei/s Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Balo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3('».
Now fou Vacation. — A few of the
articles we carry: .Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Back Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from -$15 up. Ha r nesa
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. -rt.iv
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carkei/s Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Balo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3('».
Now fou Vacation. — A few of the
articles we carry: .Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Back Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from -$15 up. Ha r nesa
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. -rt.iv
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carkei/s Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Balo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3('».
Now fou Vacation. — A few of the
articles we carry: .Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Back Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from -$15 up. Ha r nesa
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. -rt.iv
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carkei/s Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Balo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3('».
Now fou Vacation. — A few of the
articles we carry: .Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Gloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Back Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from -$15 up. Ha r nesa
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. -rt.iv
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carkei/s Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Balo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3('».
