# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The officers of the student body
upon whom will devolve the re
sponsibility of directing our stu
dent body interests for another
year are now chosen. The officers
next year will find in all probabil
ity that the student body is almost
or entirely out of debt. The stu
dent body has always been fortu
nate in the men to whom it has
intrusted the management of its
finances, and this year has been no
exception. The first successful
musical club trip was taken this
year, and the management of ath
letics has also been successful.
With our finances in good order,
next year should see an attempt to
provide more permanent accommo
dations for our athletic teams. The
retiring officers have made such
improvements possible, and to them
great credit is due.
The officers of the student body
upon whom will devolve the re
sponsibility of directing our stu
dent body interests for another
year are now chosen. The officers
next year will find in all probabil
ity that the student body is almost
or entirely out of debt. The stu
dent body has always been fortu
nate in the men to whom it has
intrusted the management of its
finances, and this year has been no
exception. The first successful
musical club trip was taken this
year, and the management of ath
letics has also been successful.
With our finances in good order,
next year should see an attempt to
provide more permanent accommo
dations for our athletic teams. The
retiring officers have made such
improvements possible, and to them
great credit is due.
The officers of the student body
upon whom will devolve the re
sponsibility of directing our stu
dent body interests for another
year are now chosen. The officers
next year will find in all probabil
ity that the student body is almost
or entirely out of debt. The stu
dent body has always been fortu
nate in the men to whom it has
intrusted the management of its
finances, and this year has been no
exception. The first successful
musical club trip was taken this
year, and the management of ath
letics has also been successful.
With our finances in good order,
next year should see an attempt to
provide more permanent accommo
dations for our athletic teams. The
retiring officers have made such
improvements possible, and to them
great credit is due.
The officers of the student body
upon whom will devolve the re
sponsibility of directing our stu
dent body interests for another
year are now chosen. The officers
next year will find in all probabil
ity that the student body is almost
or entirely out of debt. The stu
dent body has always been fortu
nate in the men to whom it has
intrusted the management of its
finances, and this year has been no
exception. The first successful
musical club trip was taken this
year, and the management of ath
letics has also been successful.
With our finances in good order,
next year should see an attempt to
provide more permanent accommo
dations for our athletic teams. The
retiring officers have made such
improvements possible, and to them
great credit is due.
The officers of the student body
upon whom will devolve the re
sponsibility of directing our stu
dent body interests for another
year are now chosen. The officers
next year will find in all probabil
ity that the student body is almost
or entirely out of debt. The stu
dent body has always been fortu
nate in the men to whom it has
intrusted the management of its
finances, and this year has been no
exception. The first successful
musical club trip was taken this
year, and the management of ath
letics has also been successful.
With our finances in good order,
next year should see an attempt to
provide more permanent accommo
dations for our athletic teams. The
retiring officers have made such
improvements possible, and to them
great credit is due.
