# College Notes
## 
### 
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
Members of the University of Co
lumbia have contributed over two
thousand volumes to the book cam
paign for soliders and sailors now go
ing on.
* * * * it * *
A radio school for instruction in
wireless used in connection with avia
tion is now being established at Co
lumbia University by the U. S. Signal
Corps.
All officers of the R. O. T. C. of
Kansas University who have cut drill
during the term must make it up
within a reasonable time or be re
duced.
*******
Vassar College will conduct a train
ing camp for nurses from June 24th
to September 13, 1918, under the aus
pices of the American Red Crofcs.
*******
The Ohio State University is offer
ing for the first time -in September,
1918, a full vear course in Science
Nursing to meet the situation in both
military and civil life.
*******
Plans for beautifying the campus of
the University of Kansas with a bo
tanical garden and the erection of
greenhouses have been formally ac
cepted by the university authorities.
Plants and specimens for use in re
search work in the department of
botany will be planted in the garden.
*******
Over two hundred classical and sci
entific books have been collected for
soldiers by the students of the Uni
versity of Kansas.
