# EVANS TO GIVE READING
## 
### 
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
G. F. Evans, instructor in the Eng
lish department, will give several
readings before Wranglers this even
ing in the Women's Club House at
7:15 o'clock. This is the only open
meeting that the club will hold this
quarter and several guests have been
invited to attend.
