# SNAKE BITES BOY
## 
### 
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
SYDNEY, Jan. 19. (/P)—Without
hesitation John Bacon, 14, chopped
off a finger of his right hand after
a snake buried its fangs in it.
