# HELVENSTON SPEAKS
## 
### 
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
Harold Helvenston, director of i
Stanford dramatics, spoke yesterday '
afternoon at the Palo Alto High '
School. His subject was "Funny un- j
expected occurences on the Stan- j
ford stage."
