# Dogs Are Compelled to Cut Classes as Junior Chefs Go Into Training
## 
### 
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
"Red-hot dogs right this way."
Barkers will shout their appetizing
appeals to the fastly moving popula
tion. Chefs garbed in immaculate white
uniforms with piqued caps, will jam
forks into steaming wienies until they
squeal, and with the other hand, will
slice open buns. In other words,
"snacks" will be sold by the junior
class outside the Stadium on the day
of the Big Game. The receipts will of
course go to diminishing that everlast
ing debt.
It is rumored from authoritative
sources that the airedales, terriers,
and what-nots which have been attend
ing eight o'clock's so regularly, will
hereafter be excused from classes.
