# NESTORIA AND FORUM TO ARGUE COAL MINE CONTROL IN SAN JOSE
## 
### 
R. M. Farley, '24, and Emmet Mc-
Caffery, *24, arguing for the negative
on the question, Resolved, That the
Federal Government should take over
and operate the coal mines, will repre
sent Nestoria in its debate with the
Forum of the College of the Pacific
tomorrow night at 8:15 in the College
of the Pacific Auditorium, San Jose.
McCaffery was a member of one of
Stanford's Tri-State debate teams last
year. Farley is new in this field, but
showed up well in the preliminary
tryouts.
Harold Millies, debating commis
sioner at that college, and Charles E.
Plydenburgli, president of the Forum,
will oppose the two Nestoria speakers.
The judges for the debate will be
J. A. Richards, Superior Court judge;
John DeVoss, professor of psychology
in the San Jose Teachers' college, and
W. A. Southeinier, judge of the police
court.
Each speaker will be given ten min
utes to present his main arguments,
with five minutes for rebuttal.
