# Dr. Grinstead Seriously Ill With Scarlet Fever
## 
### 
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
Dr. Marion Grinstaad, '23, is seri
ously ill with scarlet fever in the Uni
versity of California Hospital in San
Branca co.
