# COLLEGES HONORED
## 
### 
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
Three California colleges have been
selected as being among the twenty
most outstanding teachers' colleges in
the United States. They are San Jose
and Santa Barbara State Teachers'
colleges, and San Francisco Teachers'
College.
