# MEMBER OF FRENCH ARMY STAFF VISITOR ON STANFORD CAMPUS
## 
### 
Major-General Dumont of the French
army general staff, and military attache
of the French Embassy in Washington,
accompanied by Colonel Almond Ander
son, chief of staff of the Ninth Corps
Area, visited the Stanford campus Wed
nesday. Dumont inspected the local
R.O.T.C. unit and was shown points of
interest.
He was particularly attracted by the
Hoover War Library, as he served
throughout the period of the war on the
French general staff as officer in charge
of transportation.
The visitor is on a tour of the world
making a study of colonial systems. He
plans to visit the Philippines and the
French and British colonics. He is a
military economic expert and during the
occupation of the Ruhr he supervised the
deliveries of coal to France, which were
part of the reparations under the Ver
sailles treaty.
