# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Gals—we’re hooked—
It looks as though
this will be your
space on Wednes
days, so keep an eye
on us for the word on
what’s gay at old
R/A in the womens’
dept. Today is the
day for a campus
classic heavy knit
cardigan sweaters in
100% Shetland wool,
in white, black and
luscious shades of
pink, yellow, blue,
red, etcetera. The
perfect choice for
campus wear or fun
weekends. Pick yours
while the selection is
super. Only 10.95 ea.
roos/atkins
