# Lowenstein to Discuss South African Situation
## 
### 
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
Professor Allard K. Lowenstein,
professor of political science at
North Carolina University, will
speak at 7;30 this evening in
Tresidder Main Lounge on “Point
of No Return-Southern Africa.”
The program will he sponsored by
the Africa desk of the HR.
Lowenstein’s speech will be fol
lowed by an open discussion of
the Southwest Africa question,
under the auspices of the Stan
ford Student Congress.
Lowenstein, who was Assistant
Dean of Men anrl a lecturer in
Political Science at Stanford last
year has just returned from a
conference of the American So
ciety for African Culture on
“Transition in Africa,” where ho
and Professor John Marcum pre
sented a paper on “Violence in
Southern Africa.”
Lowenstein, who is currently on
the West Coast as a technical ad
visor for Columbia Pictures, has
been involved in the African free
dom movement for many years.
He was a member of South Afri
can Chief Lutuli’s staff at Oslo
when the latter received the No
bel Peace Prize last year.
He has made several trips to
Africa, and in 1959 he gathered
evidence for the UN on the man
dated territory of South West
Africa. The record of his journey
is contained in his book “Brutal
Mandate.”
