# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The library authorities, or those
who have the power, might exercise
more careful supervision over the
matter of granting permits to stu
dents to have access to the shelves
of the University library. So many
now possess that privilege and so
many assume the privilege, to whom
it has never been granted, that
there is no longer any advantage
in possessing that right. The space
reserved for the shelves is always
crowded, and the tables always
filled, so that it is impossible to
work in comfort in what was for
merly the most desirable and se
cluded place in the University
library. Either the permits should
be curtailed and granted only to
those who are really doing work
which requires access to the shelves,
or those who have not such per
mits should not be allowed to as
sume the privilege.
