# College Notes.
## 
### 
Cornell closed the football season
with a balance of $3,000 above ex
penses.
A bill has been introduced in the
Georgia legislature to prohibit foot
ball in that State.
The attendance at the chapel ser
vices at Cornell is so large that the
students must reserve seats in ad
vance.
Cornell closed the football season
with a balance of $3,000 above ex
penses.
A bill has been introduced in the
Georgia legislature to prohibit foot
ball in that State.
The attendance at the chapel ser
vices at Cornell is so large that the
students must reserve seats in ad
vance.
Cornell closed the football season
with a balance of $3,000 above ex
penses.
A bill has been introduced in the
Georgia legislature to prohibit foot
ball in that State.
The attendance at the chapel ser
vices at Cornell is so large that the
students must reserve seats in ad
vance.
Cornell closed the football season
with a balance of $3,000 above ex
penses.
A bill has been introduced in the
Georgia legislature to prohibit foot
ball in that State.
The attendance at the chapel ser
vices at Cornell is so large that the
students must reserve seats in ad
vance.
Cornell closed the football season
with a balance of $3,000 above ex
penses.
A bill has been introduced in the
Georgia legislature to prohibit foot
ball in that State.
The attendance at the chapel ser
vices at Cornell is so large that the
students must reserve seats in ad
vance.
