# Adv. 3 Page 5
## 
### 
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
The Daily encourages letters
and op-eds. Send them to
letters@da i ly. Stanford. edu.
