# Women Netters Win Nor-Cal Title
## 
### 
Stanford's Women's tennis
team became the Northern
California Intercollegiate
Champions last Saturday after
defeating Davis (5-1) and San
Francisco State (6-0) in the
division play-offs.
Stanford had defeated San Jose
State, Chico State Santa Clara,
Fresno State and Berkeley in its
division with an overall score of
28-2.
It was an amazing record
considering that there was only
one player from last year's
championship team. Seven of the
nine team members were
freshmen, but all the girls have
played tournament tennis. Each
has been top-ranked, either
nationally or at least in their
respective states.
Andrea Barnes and Tracy
McNair, both freshman, alternated
as first and second singles.
Maureen O'Keefe, a sophomore,
played third singles. The doubles
teams were: Debbie Pruitt (sr.)
and Whitney Grant (frosh), Chris
Michaels (frosh) and Dani D'Armi
(frosh), and Anne Peters (frosh)
and Margaret Trumble (frosh).
The team, while long on talent,
is painfully short on funds. The

Northern California Women's
Intercollegiate Tournament held
at Sacramento State
resulted in an all-Stanford final in
both singles and doubles events.
Earlier this month, McNair and
Barnes, who had to finance their
way, won the doubles title at the
Ojai tournament â€” a popular,
major tourney in Southern
California. Unfortunately the
team could not attend the Pac-8

competition due to lack of funds.
Last year, Stanford was not
represented at the Women's
National Intercollegiate
tournament in New Mexico.
However, McNair, who will be
working at a camp this summer,
will be able to stop off along the
way to play in the Nationals
which will be held in Auburn,
Alabama the week after school is
out.
