# Date Set for Senior Circus.
## 
### 
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
The circus committee of the Senior
class met yesterday afternoon but be
yond setting the date of the perform
ance for November 23d, 110 definite
action was taken.
