# Professor Alden to Speak.
## 
### 
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
Professor R. M. Alden, of the
English department, will address the
men of the University at a meeting
of the l'oung Men's Christian Asso
ciation Tuesday afternoon at four
thirty in room 23.
