# Encina Announces New Wing Officers
## 
### 
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
Results of Encina Hall wing offi
cer elections have been announced
by Mrs. Ellene Sumner, Encina di
rector. The officers will serve for
the fall quarter.
New wing presidents are Walt
Alexander, basement; Bill Thomp
son, IE; Walt Hays, 2W; Tom Thay
er, 2E; John Sancock, 3W; Cooley
Butler, 3E; Bill Sampson, 4W; Dick
Hall, 4E; Wilson, SW; Wes
Foell, SE; and Quincy Powers, cen
ter.
Social chairmen, athletic chair
men, and business .managers have
also been elected by the wings.
