# Honor Debate Team Tonight
## 
### 
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
Honoring varsity debaters Dave
Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers who won
for Stanford top honors in the recent
Salt Lake City tournament, the De
bate Council will conduct a banquet ,
in the Union dining room at 6 o'clock i
tonight.
Mellinkoff and Rogers, debating,
the national Pi Kappa Delta question
based on the limittion of interna
tional shipment of armaments, won j
decisions over ten squads from a
field of 132 teams representing 30
colleges.
The trophy which the men won, !
that of the Western Association of 1
Teachers of Speech, will be accepted
at the honor banquet tonight by
Debate Coach Lee Chapin. Bob Gros,,
men's debate manager, is scheduled "
to be master of ceremonies this eve
ning at the dinner which will be at
tended by the women's and frosh
squads as well as members of the i
varsity team.
Students and others interested may |
arrange to attend the banquet by |
calling either Gros, at Toyon Hall,!
or Bob Blewett, assistant debate
manager, at the Theta Xi house.
