# Paly Plays Sequoia In Armistice Tilt
## 
### 
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
This afternoon the mighty Se
quoia Cherokees meet the swift mov
ing Paly Hi football aggregation on
the Palo Alto gridiron at 2:15 p.m.
The clash promises to be the biggest
in the history of the Sequoia-Paly
classic with the two teams pretty
closely matched.
Here's a pretty good chance to wit
ness good football near the campus
at low prices. They are 35 cents for
servicemen and 65 cents for the gen
eral public.
