# Adv. 26 Page 7
## 
### 
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
ds^Vlore
couples
conic to
Carlyle eJewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Hh. CA USk'
They have shopped and
compared and hat e found that
Carlvle's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J jEwikim
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
