# Untitled Article
## 
### 
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
High cost of rice in China has
caused strikes for higher wages.
