# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
Downstairs tickets for opening
night at a new Chicago movie house
sold for $11.
