# GOVERNOR ILL
## 
### 
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
liENO, Nov., Nov. 2. (/P'i.— Pro
nounced so ill that he will be unable
to participate in a Republican rally
in a drive for his re-election here to
night, Governor Fred B. Balzar, of
Nevada, will make his plea for votes
from his sick bed.
