# KARL 0. COWDERY ADDRESSES HONOR FRATERNITY MEET
## 
### 
Karl M. Cowdery, assistant regis
trar, gave a talk last night before a
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, pro
fessional educational fraternity, on
the subject: "College Admission
Tendencies in Stanford and Other
Universities."
After tracing the evolution of the
various systems of admission now in
effect in America, Cowdery described
in detail the selective system used
at Stanford. The principal bases for
admission arc high school grades, the
recommendation of the principle of
the high school, the score made on
intelligence tests, and the rating of
the faculty regarding the personal
and social fitness of the candidate.
In the last three years 600-650 men
have applied each Autumn quarter
to fill 350 Lower Division vacancies.
Each Autumn quarter also there arc
approximately 650 applications made
by women of whom only 130 can be
admitted.
