# DAY, '26, TO LEAD ENGLISH CLUB MEET
## 
### 
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
A. Grove Day, '2(5, formerly edi
tor of the Stanford Literary Maga
zine and prominent in campus dra
matics, will preside at a round
table meeting of the English Club
tonight. The meeting, which is to
be held at 390 Embarcadero in Palo
Alta, will begin at 7:15 o'clock.
