# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
An old Chicago burlesque house
has been converted into a moving
picture theater.
