# SIGMA NU, DELTA UPSILON TRIUMPH IN GRID CONTESTS
## Phi Psi's Default Second Time; To Be Dropped From Schedule 
### 
Checking the "S.A.E.. shift" attack'
at every point, the Sigma Nil team
won its second intramural touch
football game yesterday by a score
of 12 to 0.
The two teams battled through a
scoreless first halt with neither
threatening to score, but in (he sec
ond period of the Sigma Nu aerial
attack began to function. Passes
from Bob Clarke to Pete Parkin and
Kenny Christensen put over the two
scores.
Walt Cooper's sweeping runs and
his accurate left-handed passes were
largely responsible for the 27 to 0
beating which the D.U. team ad
ministered to the Los Arcos squad.
Cooper-to-Fredericks proved to be
100 strong a combination for the
clubmen, the latter taking two
passes across the goal for touch
downs.
Jim Fredericks also intercepted a
Los Arcos' pass and raced 65 yards
for a third score., Running behind
excellent interference, Cooper cir
cled end for the final touchdown.
The Theta Chi-Theta Delta Chi
game was postponed by agreement
until today at 3 o'clock on the Gray
practice field. The Phi Psi's lailed
to put in an appcarance for their
game with the Phi Kaps, losing the
match by default. As this was the
second forfeiture for the Phi Psi's,
Parker Reed, intramural manager. |
announced that they had been drop- 1
ped frcm the schedule.
The games scheduled for today at
4 o'clock are: Delta Tau Delta vs.
Sequoia Ion field 1; El Campo vs.
Phi Gamma Delta on field 2; Alpha
Delta Phi vs. Kappa Alpha on field
3; and Medics vs. El Toro on field 4.
