# M'BAIN SPEAKS TONIGHT ABOUT SOVIET RUSSIA
## Will Discuss Charges And Present Trends Of Government 
### 
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
Having just returned from an ex
tensive visit of that country, Dr.
J. W. Mcßain, professor of chem
istry, will present "Some Impres
sions of Soviet Russia" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall.
This will be the fourth lecture of
the Tuesday Evening Series, spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Dr. Mcßain had hoped, as was pre
viously announced, to illustrate his
talk with some of the remarkable
photographs he took in Russia, but
because of the lack of adequate fa
cilities in ihe Assembly Hall, he will
be unable to do so.
Sailing from London on a Soviet
boat, on September 1, 1933, Dr. Mc-
Bain traveled a distance of nearly
5,000 miles throughout rural and
metropolitan Russia. Visiting uni
versities, polytechnica, museums,
and factories in Leningrad, Moscow,
Dneproges, and Kharkov, Dr. Mc-
Bain then made a three weeks' tour
of the Caucasus. Traveling along the
coastal areas of the Black Sea, and
through the Crimea and Odessa, he
sailed from Kiev on October 10, re
turning to Stanford last week.
The object of Professor Mcßain's
journey was to attend the Centenary
Jubilee Congress of Mendeleeff, held
in Russia last year. One of Russia's
most eminent scientists, Mendeleeff
was responsible for the periodic
system of the chemical elements.
During the first part of the tour
Professor Mcßain was the guest of
the Russian Academy, and for the
remainder of his'stay he was enter
tained by the Institute of Chemical
Physics of Leningrad.
Having had ample opportunity to
observe the fruits of the Commun
istic experiment in Russia, Dr. Mc-
Bain will comment upon nolitical,
economic, and social changes brought
cibout by the upheaval of 1917. He
will discuss and interpret present
governmental trends.
