# Team Plans Game Dance
## 
### 
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
Present indications arc that the
team will have much to celebrate on
Ihe evening of November 24 when
they join with students and alumni
in the Fifteenth Annual Big Game
Dinner Dance, which will be held in
ihe Gold Ballroom at the Fairmont
Hotel.
The entire varsity squad and
coaches will attend the affair as
guests of the Alumni Association and
the B.A.C. The Stanford Glee Club
will entertain during the evening,
while Gordon Heche and his band,
music-makers of this year's Gaie
ties, have been selected for the or
chestra.
"All students are invited to attend
the celebration," says Alumni Sec
retary Harlow. Rothert. "Reserva
tions should be made early at ihe
alumni office. This will be the only
official Stanford function on that
evening, and the number of places
already reserved indicates an early
sell-out."
Rates are the lowest in years, $4.42
a plate, for what should be the big
gest celebration in as many years.
