# BOXERS TO HOLD NOVICE TOURNEY
## 
### 
Plenty of enthusiasm is already be
ing evidenced dn anticipation of the
annual Novice Boxing Tournament,
which is scheduled for the evening
of Thursday, December 6, according
to boxing coach Myron Schall. Entry
lists are now posted in the boxing
room of the Encina gymnasium on
which all entrants are urged to sign
up immediately in their respective
weight divisions, Schall announced
yesterday.
All registered men students of the
University who do not hold boxing
letter awards or who have never won
a novice championship are eligible
to enter this popular boxing event,
which is the only fight program of
the autumn quarter.
It is planned to run off all pre
liminary bouts of the tourney before
the Thanksgiving vacation, Schall
said. Survivors of this first elim
ination will fight in the semi-final
and final bouts on December 6. With
such a set-up plenty of fur will
fly on that evening and, as has been
the case in past years, there will be
enough action to satisfy the most
rabid campus fight fan.
With eight weight divisions, it is
hoped to stage a card of from 18 to
20 bouts, depending upon the sign
up. Four men in each weight will
fight on December 6, it is hoped.
Bouts will consist of three two
minute rounds, in accordance with
National Intercollegiate Boxing rules,
and ten-ounce gloves will be used
in the tourney.
The final bouts will be staged in
the pavilion. A supplementary pro
gram, the nature of which has not
yet been divulged, will probably
augment the regular tourney fight
card, it was announced.
