# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
new
different
distinctive
GIFTS
i)
*
- tnxff -
r;; jjj
i) |
A
ill fM
iipiy
From top to bottom they are:
Enamel metal ash trays,
choice of 4 colors (good de
sign award) $1.00 to $1.95.
Black iron, fiber glass shade
TV lamp. Diffuses light per
fectly, $5.95.
8-cup pyrex carafe, with can
dle warmer in black iron
stand, $4.50 complete.
Black iron candle tree, 15
inches high, with 4 candles,
$3.95 pair.
Imported, hand-painted bev
erage jug, 12, inches high,
$4.95. Cups to match, 60c
each.
all from
mi
267 Hamilton Avenue
DA 3-6184
OPEN TONIGHT
UNTIL 9
