# CHAPPIE STILL ON SALE
## 
### 
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
Several hundred copies of the
Christmas issue of the Chappie, left
over from yesterday's sale, will be
sold today at the Chappie office and
j the Cellar.
