# Roble Plans Formal For Saturday Night
## 
### 
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
"Fantasy in Frost" will be the
theme of Roble's fall quarter for
mal dance Saturday night. The
dance will he held from 9 p.m. to
I a.m. in the Women's Gym.
Couples will dance to the music
of Howard Frcdric's orchestra.
The formal is open to Roblc
girls, off - campus women, and
their dates. Off - campus women
are in charge of entcatainmcnt.
