# Intermezzo Offers Italian Film Today
## 
### 
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
Intermezzo Series will present
"Angelo" in Cubberley Auditorium
at 4:15 p.m. today. The film, spon
sored by the Department of Ger
mans and Romanic Languages, will
be the last one this quarter. "An
gelo" was filmed in Italy and was
directed by Francesco de Robertis.
There it. no admission charge.
