# Fire Law Reminder Issued by Marston
## 
### 
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
All Christmas decorations, espe
cially trees, must be fireproofed be
fore they may be displayed in dor
mitories or Row houses, Stanford
Fire Chief John Marston reminded
students yesterday.
The fireproofing must be done ac
cording to California state law. Stu
dents having decorations to be fire
proofed may take them to the Cor
poration Yard.
