# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
Opening address: "Colonial Heri
tage, tonight, 7:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Keynote speech: "Contemporary
Consequences of Colonialism,"
tomorrow, 8 p.m., Memorial
Auditorium
Symposium: "The Difficult Deci
sion, tomorrow, 1:30 p.m., Cub
berley
Foreign student panel: "Colonial
ism -an ideological tug of war,"
Saturday, 1:30 p.m., Cubberley
