# Wrenn To Tell Study Methods
## 
### 
In concluding his series of Study
Aid discussion groups which have
been held throughout the quarter,
Dr, Charles Gilbert Wrenn will lec
ture at 7 o'clock this evening in
Room 201 on the subject of "Prepar
ing for Examinations."
This final discussion will be espe
cially valuable to students, Dr.
Wrenn says, because of mid-quarter
examinations coming up this week
and next. Best methods of review
ing studies will be told and time
will be allowed for students to ask
questions regarding their specific
courses.
Dr. Wrenn is opposed to late
cramming the night before an ex
amination since this, he says, does
not aid the student as much as it
harms him from lack of rest.
