# English Fighter Here
## 
### 

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Seaman Watson (above), British
featherweight champion, will fight
Fidel Laßarba In New York, the
winner to meet Kid Chocolate. (As
sociated Press Photo)
