# SOCIALIST GROUP SPONSORS SPEECH BY CIVIC LEADER
## 
### 
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
Sponsored by the student socialist
organization, Paul Blanshard, prom
inent New York civic leader and
Socialist, will speak at Stanford
Wednesday, February 15, at 4:15
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Blan
shard's subject will be: "Industrial
Democracy and the Machine Age."
As an outgrowth of the Tliomas
for-President Club, local sympa
thizers with the movement have or
ganized a chapter of the Intercolle
giate Student Society of the League
for Industrial Democracy and as
their first activity have induced
Blanshard to appear on the campus.
The chapter will have its first
meeting Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock
in either the Women's Clubhouse or
the Old Union, and will proceed
with its organization and program.
Temporary officers of the Stan
ford chapter include Clark Kerr as
chairman; secretary, Robert Fisher.
