# Prof. Newsom's Return Delayed.
## 
### 
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
Professor J. F. Newsom, of the
Geology and Mining department, is
detained in the East owing to the
severe illness of his father. The
date of his return to Stanford is un
certain.
