# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Owing - to a lack of student body
support the"Daily Californian" has
been forced to practically suspend
publication, and is now issued merely
in the shape of a handbill. The man
ager of the paper states that the
cause of this failure lies in the fact
that out of approximately tliree thou
sand students only a few more than
three hundred subscribed to the stu
dent publication. And as the paper
did not receive official support from
the Associated Students it is not in
a, position to meet its liabilities.
Such a condition of affairs is cer
tainly a serious reflection upon the
loyalty of the California Student
Hody, as the"Daily Californian" was
generally considered one of the lead
ing college dailies in this country.
That there should not he enough stu
dents at California with sufficient
loyalty and interest in college affairs
to support a daily paper is most sur
prising. Considering the size of the
University of California there ought
to be a daily published that would
be financially successful and we hear
tily wish both the editor and mana
ger success in their attempt to se
cure support from the Associated
Students.
