# Will Lecture on Shakespeare.
## 
### 
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
Professor M. B. Anderson, of the
English department, will give a pub
lic lecture on Shakespeare's "Much
Ado About Nothing" at 9:1" Wed
nesday morning, in room 212.
