# Communication.
## 
### 
As manager of the 1908 "Quad,"
1 wish to reply to the communication
by "A Senior" in last evening's edi
tion of the"Daily Palo Alto," and to
t lie editorial heartily approving the
sentiment expressed therein. 1 feel
obliged to do this because these ar
ticles reflect upon the honesty of
past managers as a whole.
"In tiie first place," says the writ;
er of the communication, "the class
and the University are not repre
sented by the best possible book un
der the present system." I am well
aware that this expresses the opinion
of a certain class, or type, of students
here at Stanford, who persist in asso
ciating the term "graft" with all stu
dent managers, which 1 presume is
due partly to a lack of knowledge
of attending circumstances and part
ly to the present day idea with ref
erence to connecting graft with af
fairs generally.
in answer to the above statement
that the "class and the University
are not represented by the best pos
sible book under the present system,"
I would ask the writer of tlie com
munication to point out a single
"Quad" which has ever been publish
ed by a Junior class in the history
of the University that has not rep
resented all the editor and manager
could possibly insert with the funds
available. A bare assertion such as
this, without substantial proof or ev
idence. reflects but little credit upon
tlie writer of the comniunicatiom,
(who discreetly signs under a fic
titious name), and unjustly places
the undersigned, as well as thirteen
other past managers and editors, in
a. rather questionable light among
the Student Body and alumni.
Again, the writer of the communi
cation displays a lack of knowledge
concerning the relationship of the
manager and editor, and, basing his
calculations upon conjecture alone,
openly accuses the manager of graft,
when he states that "the editor sel
dom has sufficient, funds to work out
any new feature which he may have
planned for the book" because the
manager having an "eye for personal
profit" wishes to keep down expens
es. As regards this matter, the man
ager has no control over the editor,
and the editor is free to introduce
any departments he may see fit and
dispose of his allotted space in any
manner he wishes, the only restric
tion being that he keep within the
appropriation given him by the man
ager. I admit very frankly that the
manager is in a position to restrict
the editor as regards the size and
elaborateness of the book. But, con
cerning this matter, I would again
ask of the writer of the communi
cation for proof substantiating his
statement that graft has existed in
this connection. The very fact that
the majority of the "Quads" in the
past have, from a financial point of
view, been losing propositions is suf
ficient proof to the contrary, and
renders the insinuations made in the
communication as libelous in every
respect.
In view of the fact that it has been
stated that the "Quads" in the past
do not represent the best possible
and that insinuations have been
publicly made that graft exists in is
suing the Junior annual, I wish to
say that I am perfectly willing to
throw open my accounts for inspec
tion to the writer of the communi
cation, the Sophomore committee, or
any one interested, and to make affi
davit to the effect that no profit was
derived by either the manager or

the editor in publishing the 1908
"Quad."
(Signed) W. C. THEILE.
