# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of Old-Fashioncd
Culinary Art"
3001 El Camino Real
Tired of steamed food that
has lost all its lavor and
looks?
Treat yourself to a real din
ner tonight personally pre
pared by that world famous
chef Herman Schneider.
Private party room available
for all occasions.
Location: El Cnmino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
