# Kelton Spiels To Big Crowd
## 
### SANDRA MEITUS 
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
If an outsider had strolled by
Cubberley Auditorium at \2 noon
yesterday, he might have thought
that the Farm had reverted to the
old days of "soap-box electioneer
ing."
Dick Kelton, whose arrival was
heralded by colorful posters and the
pounding of drums, appeared fully
attired in the old-time regalia of
top hat and black cutaway coat.
Sporting a two-bit stogie, Dick
announced to the huge noon crowd
that this was to be a mock political
meeting.
"I speak for world government,"
asserted Dick, who is at present
chairman of the State Board of Stu
dent Fedealists. Half - humorously
he explained that he was campaign
ing for the office of United States
Senator to the World Senate.
Then becoming quite serious,
Dick explained that it was up to
youth to create this office, or other
wise they might not be around to
make this office.
'"There can be no peace without
justice, no justice without law, and
no law without world government,"
he concluded.
This old - time political meeting
was sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Federalists in conjunction with
their winter quarter membership
drive which is being launched this
week.
