# DMO
## 
### 
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
Delta Mu Omicron, a social or
ganization of dish machine opera
tors in Encina Commons, was given
official ASSU approval last night by
Exeom.
