# Texas Club Will Sup In San Francisco Soon
## 
### 
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
All former residents of Texas are
invited to the Texas Club dinner
dance to be held at the Metro I'es
taurant, 25 Mason Street, San Fran
cisco, at Saturday evening, Feb.
28.
Written reservations should be sent
to Mrs. H. W. Webb, 540 O'Farrell,
San Francisco,!
