# Queries on Cadets To Be Answered
## 
### 
Men interested in the Aviation
Cadets will have their last chance
today to get questions about the
cadets answered by Captain Paul T.
Oliver in room HSIA of the Admin
istration Building between 8:30 a.m.
and 5:30 p.m.
Graduates of the Aviation Cadet
program are commissioned in the
Air Force Reserve as second lieu
tenants. Those who have completed
two years of college can compete for
commissions in the regular Air
Force.
Those who were eliminated from
the training program because of
peace will be given priority in the
IH4B class.
Men interested in administrative
work in the Air Force will receive
six months' training in San Antonio.
Requirements for Aviation Cadets
are: 20 to 26'/2 years, unmarried,
two or more years of college, and
good health.
