# Brenner to Advise Law Journal Editors
## 
### 
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
Dr. James E. Brenner, Farm law
school professor, has been ap
pointed a member of an advisory
committee to assist the editorial
board of the "Journal of Legal Edu
cation." The publication is a new
legal journal founded by the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools.
Edited by the faculty of Duke
University, the journal will serve
as a forum for legal educators
throughout the country after the
lirst issue is printed next summer.
