# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
Hank Luisetti, former Stanford
basketball great, sometimes averaged
as much as 20 points a game during
league competition.
