# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, West, kinds, rea
sonable pricrs. Sunset plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, West, kinds, rea
sonable pricrs. Sunset plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, West, kinds, rea
sonable pricrs. Sunset plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, West, kinds, rea
sonable pricrs. Sunset plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, Maytield,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
