# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thursday is to be a holiday,
and while no exercises are to take
place during the day, a suitable
program has been arranged for the
evening. Stanford should attend
these exercises in a body, as thev
are given in honor of the man who
made possible this great educa
tional institution, and commemor
ate the foundation of Stanford
University. The program is un
usually promising for the coming
Thursday evening and aII who are
present will be well repaid.
Thursday is to be a holiday,
and while no exercises are to take
place during the day, a suitable
program has been arranged for the
evening. Stanford should attend
these exercises in a body, as thev
are given in honor of the man who
made possible this great educa
tional institution, and commemor
ate the foundation of Stanford
University. The program is un
usually promising for the coming
Thursday evening and aII who are
present will be well repaid.
Thursday is to be a holiday,
and while no exercises are to take
place during the day, a suitable
program has been arranged for the
evening. Stanford should attend
these exercises in a body, as thev
are given in honor of the man who
made possible this great educa
tional institution, and commemor
ate the foundation of Stanford
University. The program is un
usually promising for the coming
Thursday evening and aII who are
present will be well repaid.
Thursday is to be a holiday,
and while no exercises are to take
place during the day, a suitable
program has been arranged for the
evening. Stanford should attend
these exercises in a body, as thev
are given in honor of the man who
made possible this great educa
tional institution, and commemor
ate the foundation of Stanford
University. The program is un
usually promising for the coming
Thursday evening and aII who are
present will be well repaid.
