# Adv. 10 Page 2
## 
### 
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
DUKE
UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are
given each year. These may be
taken consecutively (graduation
in three and one-quarter years)
or three terms may be taken
each year (graduation in four
years!. The entrance require
ments are intelligence, charac
ter, and three years of college
work, including the subjects
specified for Class A medical
schools. Catalogues and appli
cation forms may be obtained
from the Admission Committee.
