# MILDEW PREVENTED
## 
### 
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
BOMBAY, India (UP). —Losses
.suffered by the textile industry in
India and other tropical countries
owing to the mildew attacks on gray
cloth now can be prevented, experi
ments reveal. Use of antiseptic dur
ing sizing processes prevents growth
of micro-organisms caused by high
humidity.
