# We Couldn't Leave Out This One
## 
### 

WOMEN USUALLY are photo
genic, whether clad in svvimsuits
or ski suits. Here, obviously not
ready to go into the water, arc
(upper) Sianfordites Nancy Bald
win, Jane Cutler, and Roberta
Howell. In the lower photo is
Eleanor Watson, Stanford's fore
most female exponent of the bar
rel-staves art. Starting serious
training last year, she went to
Yosemite almost every week-end.
This year she has been taking rac
ing lessons and working out regu
larly with the ski team. Compet
ing with her teammate, Mary
Cowles, in the Reno Meet, she
took filth place and Miss Cowles
took second place. Both are ex
pected to enter the state meet,
to be held at Magee Creek during
spring vacation.
