# CRACK BRITISH TRAIN GOES TO SEA
## 
### 

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.

lIIHiE DERRICKS at Southampton, England, swing the locomotive of the Coronation Scot, fast train that
links Glasgow and London, aboard a freighter for shipment to Canada. The famous train will make a tour
<;i cities in (lie Dominion and in the United States, and will be on exhibition at the New York World's Fair.
