# Skiers Discover Success Formula
## 
### 
Skiers now improve their tech
nique not only by skiing over the
short week-end. but also they flex
and tone up the proper muscles
during the long week with exer
cises.
Featured and advocated for home
practice in Stanford's own dry-ski
ing course offered fall and winter
quarters are running up and down
stairs with special emphasis on the
toes and balls of the feet, jumping
up and down with skis on, wiggling
the ankles, bending forward with
the legs together and the heels flat
until the knees and ankles give.
Other exercises which help in
developing the ski-muscles or in ac
quiring a sense of balance can be
included as phases of every-day
living. Standing crane-like on one
leg while shaving, telephoning, or
cramming lor an ex is fine training
in learning to shift the weight un
consciously from one leg to the
other.
