# YOSEMITE'S WINTER WONDERLAND
## 
### 

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.

INSPIRATION RUN at Yosemite (upper) is tlie background for this
exceptional picture. Roaring down at full speed is A1 JJuckerman,
member of the Stanford ski team. In the lower shot is shown Badger
Pass vki house as it looks in mid-winter. Entering the house, after
a long trek, is Lloyd Davis.
