# Ski Waxing Is Half the Fun
## Skiers Call It Art, Use Various Ways 
### 
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
"Waxing is an art" oid-timers in
sist. while they go on to say, "Half
the fun is waxing, and half the fun
is skiing."
The waxing phase, however, is al
ways a matter of individual prefer
ence. Some swear by imported Ty
rolian lacquer applied next to the
wood, hard finishing wax with a
beeswax base for running, and par
affin rubbed in well with the palm
of the hand on top of the other two
for a fast job.
Others like powdered aluminum
melted with their paraffine and
would not dream of rubbing it on
with anything but an old, well-sea
soned piece of cork. Still others
swear by ironing in their secret
home-brew wax, the formula for
which they would never divulge for
anything less than a free winter
holiday at St. Anton with lessons
at the Arlberg School from the old
master, Hannes Schneider, himself.
And still others run on the bare
ski bottoms but neither very fast
nor very far.
