# Frosh Five Meet Paly Hi Tonight
## 
### 
It'li be a mid-week exhibition in
stead of a week-end game for the
Farm's freshman cagers.
With the cancelling of two games
originally scheduled for Friday and
Saturday nights. Coach H. B. (Becb)
Lee will send his yearling basket
ball outfit against Palo Alto High
School at 7 o'clock tonight in the
Pavilion. The game will be out in
time for fans to hear John Gunther. j
Only five more games remain on '
the schedule for Lee's quintet. San
Mateo Junior College plays here j
next Monday night and Santa Rosa
Jaysee meets the powerful fresh- i
men here, Saturday night, Feb. 25.
Cal s Bearcubs top off the schedule
with a double bill on the Berkeley
and Pavilion courts, March 3 and 4.
