# GIRL MUSHES DOG TEAM TO VICTORY.
## LOCAL NEWS 
### 
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
Lilyano Cookie Poosher, house- ,
mother on the Navajo Reservation J
at Pueblo, and this week a visitor j
on the Quad, will attend the regu- |
lar meeting of the Women Com- •
muters, to be held in the Union to
day at twelve-fifteen o'clock noon
P.M.
