# HOOVER SENDS NITRATE BILL BACK UNSIGNED
## State Operation Of Shoals Plant Recommended By President 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
WASHINGTON, March 3. (4 1 ) —
President Hoover today sent back
to Congress the Norris Bill for dis
position of the gigantic power and
nitrate plants at Muscle Shoals,
with a message declaring flatly
against the principle of Government
operation.
In vetoing the measure proposing
Federal control over the war-time
properties, the President proposed,
instead, the States of Alabama and
Tennessee set up a commission with
representatives from the National
Farm organizations and the Army
engineers to lease the plants "in
the interest of the local community
and agriculture generally."
The President's veto message was
dumped into the Senate on top of a
confused mass of legislation which
weary leaders were attempting to
straighten out before the clock
reaches twelve tomorrow, when the
session automatically comes to an
end.
In view of the complicated par
liamentary situation there was a
strong possibility that the session
would end before a vote was
reached on the veto. This same par
liamentary situation delayed the
reading of the message in the Sen
ate for several hours after its recep
tion.
