# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NA2IMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
