# Mrs. Russell Will Spend Winter Quarter in East
## 
### 
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
Mrs. F. T. Russell, of the English
department, is planning to spend the
winter in the East and will probably
make New York her headquarters.
While in New York, Mrs. Russell
expects to attend the national meet
ing of the Modern Language Associa
tion which will be held the last three
days in December. She plans to leave
the campus the early part of next
week.
