# EDUCATORS WILL INVESTIGATE AT NORTWESTERN UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
A sweeping educational survey of
Northwestern University will be made
by prominent educators of sister uni
versities. Every department will be
inventoried in order that approved
methods may be adopted and the in
stitution made to perform the greatest
service to the students, to the com
munity, and to the advance of civiliza
tion. This is the first attempt of its
kind.
