# Euphronia Fleets Officers
## 
### 
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
J. \V. Dodge, 'tfi, was elected presi
dent r 112 Kuphronia I)?.l)ating Society
yesterday evening. Other officers
eliosen were H. R. English, 'Ifi, vice
pres'flent: and A. .1. Supple, 'lfi, sec
retary-treasursr.
