# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
It is necessary to order your copies
of the Commencement issue in ad
vance.
