# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
WSLL YOU HAVE
TURKEY WITH
THE FAMILY?
All Holiday Reservations
should be made now
See
STREET
TRAVEL SERVICE
For Lowest Fares
Best Service
DA 3-6500 DA 3-4079
1 1 3 Circle
♦Serving Stanford since 1931
