# Students Explain Support Of Presidential Candidates
## Dewey 
### DAVID V. CIVIAN 
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
The Republican Party abandoned
isolationism and assumed a posi
tive position toward international
affairs when they nominated Thom
as E. Dewey for President and Earl
Warien for Vice-President. This
combination of experienced gov
ernmental and political leadership
cannot be equaled by the candi
dates of any other political party.
Governors Dewey and Warren are
products of our system of free en
terprise.
1 am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because, as chief executive
of New York, he has demonstrated
that he is a capable and expert ad
ministrator. lie has shown that he
commands the loyalty of numerous
topnotch aides and that he has the
backing of his party. Foreign af
fairs are not new to him as he has
had the services of excellent ad
visers. No other Presidential can
didate can equal his training, his
experience, or his faculty for get
ting things done. The task of gov
ernment is so great, that no one man
can assume all the duties of Presi
dent. However, Governor Dewey
can repeat his Albany successes by
a policy of superior teamwork with
his aides and with prominent legis
lative leaders.
Governor Dewey does not possess
a panacea for the world's ills; he
does not indulge in vitriolic cam
paign name-calling and inept po
litical bungling; and he docs not
wish to turn government back to
the regionalistic philosophy of the
nineteenth century. The Republican
Party is not split, it is not confined
to certain states, certain splinter
groups or dictated to by subversive
elements.
I am going to vote for Governor
Dewey because he and Governor
Warren have stressed that unity of
the entire nation is needed for a
strong United States. I am also go
ing to vote for Governor Dewey
because I want to see a change;
the governmental machinery badly
needs overhauling.
