# Vital Materials Shipped by Russia
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (/Pt. —
Russia has been stepping up ship
ments of war - vital goods to the
United States. She shows no signs
of retaliating for a six-month-long
trade rebuff.
The Soviet response so far to a
virtual ban against getting indus
trial goods it wants from us has
been a sizeable increase in ship
ments to this country.
Thi increase has been due largely
to bigger shipments of manganese
and chrome ore — two industrial
metals considered so vital by U.S.
military men that we are stockpil
ing them againt a war contingency.
Russian shipments of them have
risen even during the tension of
the Berlin blockade.
Also striking is the fact that Rus
sia is the only great power which
has attained a "favorable" balance
of trade with the U.S.—in the sense
that her shipments here are worth
more than what she gets from this
country.
Only half a dozen sizeable coun
tries in the world are creditors to
the U.S. on trade. The others are
Colombia, Chile, British Malaya,
India and Pakistan taken together,
and Australia.
