# Adv. 38 Page 8
## 
### 
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
La Cremaillere is an unobtrusive little
place on Irvine Street in San Francisco's
Sunset District. Hidden between a raw
fabric store and a five-and-dime, La
Cremaillere was a touch of European
countryside amidst the streets of San
Francisco. The food, the service and the
atmosphere all contributed to making our
dinner a pleasure.
