# Adv. 58 Page 12
## 
### 
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, ir
I has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads, , i
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
i I.
