# Indian Melodies Included In Friday Recital Program
## 
### 
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
The recital of California music,
which opens Mr. Sellard's reception
to summer quarter faculty and stu
dents next Friday evening include
four types of music that were most
popular during the early days. The
program, similar to that given at
Tahoe Tavern, interprets Indian melo
dies and dance rhythms, songs of the
Padres, Cowboy chants, and Spanish
tangoes and folk songs. All of the
numbers are to be given in costume.
Assisting Miss Bessie Irene Chapin,
violinist, are Grace Adele Freebey,
pianist, Frank L. Vann, baritone, and
Earl M. Bright, 'cellist.
Dancing, in the Women's Clubhouse,
will follow.
