# Announcements
## 
### 
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
TUESDAY
Music Clr.l>. 7 o'clock. Woman's
CIrl) }I< >nst*.
Men wishing to usher at the Stan
ford-California game should see Yell
Leader Kinny or Lieutenant Spiegel
man at once.
