# GEOPOLITICS TALK
## 
### 
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
Dr. Alfred Sumner will speak on
"Geopolitics and International Re
lations" tonight at 8 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. The talk is
sponsored by lIR.
