# Floods Hitting Seven States
## 
### 
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20 (UP) —
The boiling Missouri River bore
down on St. Joseph today, and air
men fought a day-and-night battle
to save a huge air force installation
at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
The mighty Missouri and Missis
sippi rivers relentlessly continued
their two-week rampages, which
have wrought an estimated $200,-
000,000 damage, routed nearly 100,-
000 persons from their homes and
wiped out spring crops on hundreds
of thousands of acres of rich mid
western farmland.
Rivers already have surged over
their banks in North and South Da
kota, Minnesota, Nebraska, and
lowa. The Missouri river fight ap
parently had been won in the twin
cities of Omaha, Neb., and Council
BlufTs, la., however, as the record
wall of yellow water pushed into
Missouri and Kansas and moved
toward a junction with the swollen
Mississippi.
In many places, the Missouri
twists between bluffs on the Mis
souri-Kansas border that are a mile
to 10 miles apart. The water poured
into this channel and spread from
bluff-to-bluff — the way old-timers
always describe the great Hood of
1881.
