# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
Fair today and tomorrow. Cool
er tomorrow. High today, 75-KO:
low tonight, 40-45.
