# At the Co-Op.
## 
### 
(ierman books for I'rof. Goebel's
classes are here.
Spencer's Education and Whit
ney's French Grammerare in stock.
Kelsey's I)e Amicitia, Young's
General Astronomy, Harvard Bind
ers, and D'Orge Latin Composition
Tablets will be on sale Mondav.
(ierman books for I'rof. Goebel's
classes are here.
Spencer's Education and Whit
ney's French Grammerare in stock.
Kelsey's I)e Amicitia, Young's
General Astronomy, Harvard Bind
ers, and D'Orge Latin Composition
Tablets will be on sale Mondav.
(ierman books for I'rof. Goebel's
classes are here.
Spencer's Education and Whit
ney's French Grammerare in stock.
Kelsey's I)e Amicitia, Young's
General Astronomy, Harvard Bind
ers, and D'Orge Latin Composition
Tablets will be on sale Mondav.
(ierman books for I'rof. Goebel's
classes are here.
Spencer's Education and Whit
ney's French Grammerare in stock.
Kelsey's I)e Amicitia, Young's
General Astronomy, Harvard Bind
ers, and D'Orge Latin Composition
Tablets will be on sale Mondav.
