# Sunday School.
## 
### 
The Sunday School will he or
ganized in the chapel Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. Classes
will he taught hy several of the
professors.
A primary class for children will
also be organized.
W. \Y. Thobukn.
The Sunday School will he or
ganized in the chapel Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. Classes
will he taught hy several of the
professors.
A primary class for children will
also be organized.
W. \Y. Thobukn.
The Sunday School will he or
ganized in the chapel Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. Classes
will he taught hy several of the
professors.
A primary class for children will
also be organized.
W. \Y. Thobukn.
The Sunday School will he or
ganized in the chapel Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. Classes
will he taught hy several of the
professors.
A primary class for children will
also be organized.
W. \Y. Thobukn.
