# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is pleasing to note the in
creased interest that is being taken
in tlie work of the Glee and the
Bh 11 jo and Mandolin CIuhs this year.
Both have started out very suc
cessfully, and a most prosperous sea
son is assured them. It is said that
the first has had more applications
for membership this year than it
Iims ever had before; and this fact
alone attests to its growing popu
larity. The hitter has added to its
effectiveness of last year by making
a banjo addition to its ranks, and
before very long the club will prob
ably number fifty members. That
the promoters are in earnest in this
work is shown by the fact that a
professional teacher from the city
has been enployed to instruct and
assist them.
