# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The hollowness of the Defender's
victory over the Valkyrie ill is a
matter of regret to all Americans.
We are glad to retain the cup, but
can scarcely glory in its possession
when won by means of fouls, pro
tests, and defaults. Unless more
sportsmanlike methods can be em
ployed on both sides no one will
care to see the international yacht
races continued. The present race
for some reason has been attended
too much by the sort o„f diplomacy
to which the heroes of the prize
ring resort.
The hollowness of the Defender's
victory over the Valkyrie ill is a
matter of regret to all Americans.
We are glad to retain the cup, but
can scarcely glory in its possession
when won by means of fouls, pro
tests, and defaults. Unless more
sportsmanlike methods can be em
ployed on both sides no one will
care to see the international yacht
races continued. The present race
for some reason has been attended
too much by the sort o„f diplomacy
to which the heroes of the prize
ring resort.
The hollowness of the Defender's
victory over the Valkyrie ill is a
matter of regret to all Americans.
We are glad to retain the cup, but
can scarcely glory in its possession
when won by means of fouls, pro
tests, and defaults. Unless more
sportsmanlike methods can be em
ployed on both sides no one will
care to see the international yacht
races continued. The present race
for some reason has been attended
too much by the sort o„f diplomacy
to which the heroes of the prize
ring resort.
The hollowness of the Defender's
victory over the Valkyrie ill is a
matter of regret to all Americans.
We are glad to retain the cup, but
can scarcely glory in its possession
when won by means of fouls, pro
tests, and defaults. Unless more
sportsmanlike methods can be em
ployed on both sides no one will
care to see the international yacht
races continued. The present race
for some reason has been attended
too much by the sort o„f diplomacy
to which the heroes of the prize
ring resort.
