# MEDIA
## 
### 
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
TV: The Stanford—Cornell
game will (surprise) not be
televised.
Radio: KCBS (74 AM). Play
by-play: Hal Ramey. Color:
Bob Murphy.
KZSU (90.1 FM) Play-by
play: Pat Broun.
