# ADDITION PLANNED FOR ROBLE GYMNASIUM.
## 
### 
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
A twelve by twenty foot annex is to
he added to the west end of Roble
gymnasium. The structure is to cost
in the neighborhood of five hundred
dollars. The building license was
granted recently by the Board of Trus
tees. and work will begin at once.
The increased space is the result of
an enlarged enrollment in the gymna
sium classes, and will be used as
dressing rooms.
