# MUST ASK PERMISSION TO USE ROOMS AT NIGHT.
## 
### 
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
Student 01* other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms 110 longer will be at their dis
posal.
