# Radio and TV Carry 1st JFK Press Speech
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Presi
dent Kennedy said tonight he has
asked that the Geneva negotia
tions with Russia on a nuclear
test ban be postponed about two
months to give his administration
time to prepare a "clear Ameri
can position."
At a wide ranging news con
ference, the President also an
nounced a big increase in aid to
the famine-stricken Congo, ruled
out any immediate resumption of
diplomatic relations with Cuba
and disclosed the release of two
U.S. fliers held prisoner by the
Russians.
KENNEDY hailed the release of
the two R847 airmen, Capts. Free
man B. Olmstead and John R.
McKone, as removing a "serious
obstacle to improved U.S.-Soviet
relations. He said talks with the
Russians on their release were
conducted in "an atmosphere of
civility."
At his first news conference
since entering the White House—
and the first such session ever
carried live by radio and televi
sion, Kennedy also revealed he
had ordered there be no resump
tion of U2 flights over Russia. He
said the suspension ordered by
former President Dwight D. Ei
senhower after the "spy plane" in
cident last May would be con
tinued.
On a key domestic issue affect
ing his legislative program, the
new President forcefully backed
up Speaker Sam Rayburn in his
attempt to remove a House Rules
Com it tee roadblock to key parts
of the Kennedy legislative pro
gram.
THE PRESIDENT opened the
news conference with his an
nouncement that ho had sought a
postponement until late March in
the nuclear test ban talks between
teh United States, Britain, and
Russia.
