# Sunday Morning Chapel Service.
## 
### 
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
At the morning chapel service next
Sunday, November (>. the preacher will
be the Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher of
the Emmanuel Temple church of Los
Angeles. Dr. Brougher, as pastor of
that congregation, is the successor of
Robert Burdette.
