# Untitled Article
## 
### 
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
But seven hundred seats for the in
tercollegiate game at Berkeley have
been disposed of in the Stanford root
ing section by the local management.
This means that only seven hundred
members of the Student Body have
spirit enough to be willing to support
their team and to sacrifice their own
pleasure to aid the men who are repre
senting their Alma Mater in this an
nual struggle. Last year a rooting
section numbering eleven hundred
supported the yell leaders in their
efforts and assisted the fifteen on the
field in their fight. Every man is
needed and as the task this year is
still more difficult, we should see a
more active interest among those who
will form the rooting section. Many
good seats are yet obtainable and there
is no reason why they should not be
disposed of within the next few days.
The team must be given every bit of
individual support that the Student
Body can afford.
