# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joyce Townsend, Til,
to Milt Johnson, '-19. Phi Gamma
Delta. The couple is planning' an
August wedding.
