# Police Warn Students On Car Registration
## 
### 
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis warned new students yes
terday that they should register
their cars with his office as soon
as possible.
Registration is required. lie
said, and an additional penalty is
added to all fines incurred when
the automobile involved is not
registered.
The Police Department oflicc is
just inside the gate on the east
side of the Corporation Yard.
