# Y.W.C.A.
## White Speaks On Peace Plans 
### 
Dr. Lynn T. White, Stanford Uni- |
versity professor and new president 1
of Mills College, spoke Tuesday aft- ;
crnoon in the "Y" rooms at 4 on re- i
construction and the part students j
may play in the peace. Dr. White i
stressed the need for re-educating j
the dictator nations when we occupy j
them and mentioned the regional \
major in the Humanities department j
as a good way for students to help j
in the peace plans.
Dr. White spoke of conditions in
Sicily from his observations while j
working there and said the United !
States should not send French troops I
to occupy Sicily, because of the in
tense dislike of Sicilians for the I
French.
"Germany must be policed so that j
they can't rise again. The German ;
superiority complex is the result of j
a growing feeling of nationalism j
without a political organization to j
back it up so that the German na
tion was kicked around for seven
centuries while other nations de- j
veloped this same feeling but had an j
opportunity to express it through a i
well organized political system. If |
we are going to have a fair and last- I
ing peace we must begin now to '
specifically plan the best way in |
which it can be carried out." Dr.
White felt that Americans will be
needed to go into China, Japan, Ger
many, Italy, and many of the other i
European countries to aid in recon- j
struction. "These people must be j
trained in history, economics, the j
fine arts, and most important of all, |
well versed in the language and tra
ditions of the people they are going
to serve. The regional planning
course is training people to act in
this capacity. However, book learn
ing will never take the place of liv
ing in the country and associating
with the people."
This was the second informal dis
cussion held on peace and recon
struction. This series will be held
once a week to give students an
opportunity to hear men who are
well versed on war conditions and to
give the students an opportunity to
air their views and discuss various
possible peace plans. Dodie Crile is
chairman of the committee.
