# DAILY Sports
## Boxers Prepare For Big Cal Bout 
### 
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
In preparation for the coming
matches with California, boxing
coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog are putting the fight squad
through vigorous workout sessions.
Maloney feels that some of the
bouts were lost to San Jose State
last Thursday not due to the lack of
boxing ability, but due to the lack
of conditioning. Maloney plans to
have every man in top shape to
answer the gong against the Bears.
Blue and Gold coach, Tom Cure
ton, is faced with the problem of
building up an entirely new squad,
for not a single letterman is return
ing. The Stanford match to be held
here Thursday, Feb. 25, will be the
first engagement on the Cal fistic
schedule.
Cureton is depending on his intra
mural boxing winners of last semes
ter. His hopefuls are: Leroy Bevers,
heavyweight; Don Ewing, 175 lbs.;
Ballard Small, 155 lbs.; Roy Garratt,
165 lbs.; Grant Wilcox, 145 lbs.; Ed
Sherman, 135 lbs.; Gus Clark, 127
lbs.; and Mark Venderson, 127 lbs.
