# STANFORD LEADS IN NEW SOCCER LEAGUE
## 
### 
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
Decisive victories over the National
Carbon and California socces elevens
during the holidays have put Stanford
at the head of the University Soccer
League. In spite of winning from Cali
fornia in the last game of the autumn
quarter, Stanford was still" in second
place when the quarter closed. Tn the
first vacation game, the Cardinal soc
ccrites inflicted a second defeat on the
California team. The next game, with
the Carbon eleven, also resulted in a
victory for Stanford while the Olympic
Club won from California on the same
day. The last contest, between Stanford
and the winged "O" men, was a liard
fought tie, but Stanford gained the half
point necessary to lead the league.
The first scheduled game of the winter
quarter will be plajed Saturday. The
Olympic eleven, a st<ong contender for
first honors, comes here on Saturday for
another contest with the league leaders.
The soccer schedule for this quarter is
a long one, and will determine the col
legiate championship for California.
Stanford is the present favorite for
titular laurels. A decisive win over the
Olympic Club will increase its hold on
first position, whereas a loss will throw
three teams practically into a tie for a
league supremacy.
