# Y.W.C.A. WILL HEAR SPEAKER THURSDAY
## 
### 
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
Miss Esther Dayman, Girl's Work
Secretary of the Pacific Coast is to
be the speaker at the Y. W. C. A.
meeting that will be held next Tues
day afternoon at 5 o'clock in the Wo
men's Club House. Miss Dayman will
give a general idoa of the purpose of
her work among the younger members
of the Association.
A special music program has been
arranged for by the members of the
Freshman Cabinet, who aro in charge
of the meeting. The quartette of the
Schubert Club will give a selection.
