# ANNOUNCE PLEDGING
## 
### 
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
Thrta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Langan Swent, '38.
