# Held For Treason
## 
### 

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)

Richard Roiderer (above), for
merly of Cleveland and Chicago, is
another United States citizen who
has run afoul of Nazi officials in
Germany. He is expected to be ar
raigned in Berlin on a charge of
treason because o* writings found
in his notebook as he was about to
enter the country. (Associated
Press Photo)
