# Michigan Doctor To Talk Here Tomorrow Evening
## 
### 
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
Dr. Stephen Timoshenko of the j
University of Michigan will speak !
tomorrow at 4:15 in room 283 in the
Engineering Corner on the "Strength
of Material Laboratories," which he
visited on a recent trip to Europe. 1
Dr. Timoshenko's talk will be il- I
lustrated with numerous slides on j
his subject. The lecture is open to j
all students and faculty members. '
