# Sale of Tickets For Bear Game Opens Tomorrow
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia basketball game here
Saturday might will be on sale
tomorrow from 0 to 12 o'clock
and from 1 to 5 o'clock and
Saturday morning from !) to 12
o'clock in the B.A.C. lobby.
Prices will be 40 ccnts on
presentation of A.S.S.U.
and 75 cents for general admis
sion. Immediately after the
game there will be a dance in
the Women's Gym sponsored
by the Cardinals in honor of
the Stanford and California
basketball teams who will be
guests. Admission will be 50
cents for men, women free.
This is the third basketball
grille of the four-game scries
with the Bears.
