# PERHAPS DRUGGED
## 
### 

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)

On the possibility that Young Joe
Firpo, Philadelphia boxer shown
here in a hospital bed, may have
been drugged before he was sched
uled to enter the ring against
Frankie Sagilo at Cicero, Chicago
suburb, the Illinois state athletic
commission ordered a thorough in
vestigation. Firpo collapsed in his
dressing room and was taken to a
hospital. (Associated Press Photo)
