# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
Palo Alio Hospital—Dorothy Vi
ner, Patricia Eddy, and Charles
Poppenheimer. •
