# Professors Honored
## 
### 
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
Professor Brooks Otis, Ex
ecutive Head of the Department
of Classics, and Dr. David S.
Hogness, professor of biochem
istry, have recently been honor
ed for their work in their re
spective fields.
Dr. Hogness received the New
comb Cleveland Prize and bronze
medal from the American As
sociation for the Advancement
of Science. This award was in
recognition of his contribution
to the understanding of the
gene function in viruses and
bacteria. Dr. Hogness has done
extensive research on DNA, the
storehouse of genetic informa
tion.
The American Philological As
sociation presented its Award of
Merit, the highest award given
in the field of Classics, to Pro
fessor Otis for his book "Vir
gil, A Study in Civilized Poetry."
The association considered this
book the "outstanding book of
the year."
