# Farm Prof off To Australia
## 
### 
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
Prof. Norman D. Philbrick,
executive head of the Department
of Speech and Drama, has been
awarded a Fulbright Fellowship
for the academic year 1962-1963.
Philbrick will lecture on theater
and drama at the University of
New South Wales, Sydney, Au
stralia.
Philbrick is the author of sever
al plays and this year serves as
president of the American Educa
tional Theater Association. Edu
cated at Pomona, Stanford and
Cornell. Philbrick has been at
Stanford since 1943.
