# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Quit tennis players are to contest
with those of Berkeley next Wednes
day on our courts. They will un
doubtedly be supported by a large
attendance on the part of the stu
dents.
Quit tennis players are to contest
with those of Berkeley next Wednes
day on our courts. They will un
doubtedly be supported by a large
attendance on the part of the stu
dents.
Quit tennis players are to contest
with those of Berkeley next Wednes
day on our courts. They will un
doubtedly be supported by a large
attendance on the part of the stu
dents.
Quit tennis players are to contest
with those of Berkeley next Wednes
day on our courts. They will un
doubtedly be supported by a large
attendance on the part of the stu
dents.
Quit tennis players are to contest
with those of Berkeley next Wednes
day on our courts. They will un
doubtedly be supported by a large
attendance on the part of the stu
dents.
