# BROWN ABSENT
## 
### 
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy will be ab
sent from the University during the
autumn quarter to present his
courses at the University of Wash
ington at Seattle. With this an
nouncement Professor Brown's J
courses will be withdrawn this quar
ter. However, they are to be con
tinued in the spring quarter of the
current academic year.
