# Honesty Pays
## 
### 

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)

Albert Correri, 22, who earned
$3.13 a week plus tips as a mes
senger in New York, found a for
tune in bonds in the financial
district. He returned them, and
his reward was a better Job, a pos
sible 10 per cent reward, security
for his family which includes seven
brothers and sisters and a chance
to achieve his ambition of a news
paper career. (Associated Press
Photo)
