# TIME TO TURN BACK
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26 (/P).-—'Time
will turn backward an hour Sunday
in communities which have bor
rowed summer sunshine by the day
light saving plan. In most Eastern
States and in some in the Midwest,
clocks will be set back an hour at
2 a. in. They were set ahead on
April 28.
