# CYA To Provide Jobs for Students
## 
### 
An average of $15 a month for
undergraduates and $25 to $30 a
month for graduate students will be
available to needy and deserving
students during the academic year
ending June 17, under the Califor
nia Youth Administration, E. S.
Erwin, assistant comptroller, an
nounced yesterday. J. E. McDowell,
academic secretary, will receive ap
plications from graduate students
and Mrs. Irene W. Coverley, execu
tive assistant, appointment service,
applications from undergraduates.
Students will not be permitted to
work more than eight hours a day
or more than 30 hours a week. The
rate of pay for work done by grad
uate students ranges from 50 to 60
cents an hour and for undergrad
uates from 40 to 50 cents an hour.
