# Tight Spot for Cal
## 
### 
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
failing themselves up with anti-Hearst and
anti - Metrolone campaigns conducted last
spring iii several Eastern colleges, two stu
dent leftist groups at California have at
tempted to start an anti - Hcarstian radio,
movie, and newspaper movement on the Ber
keley campus.
Yesterday's issue of the Daily C.uliforiuun
polled student leaders to gel their reactions
to the suggestion, found them overwhelm
ingly against such a move. Although this
might seem a bit conservative and crawfish
like, it is somehow hard to blame them for
such a move.
Cal is in a bit of a spot, since Mr. Hearst's
name adorns several large structures on the

Berkeley campus. Quite an illustration of
how philanthropy also can have its accom
panying disadvantages to the beneficiary.
Then too, Cal has had about its fill of being
labeled communistic. On the campus, Cali
fornians might win their light. Hut in the
metropolis, William Randolph, if he chose,
could probably picture the whole thing in a
light which would make most loyal Cal men
wince.
