# THIRD PLACE
## 
### 
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
The Varsity Rifle team finished
third in the Northern California
Rifle League.
