# Poetry Contest Deadline Near
## 
### 
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
All students competing for the
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize and
the Academy of American Poets
Prize are reminded that the dead
line for manuscripts is May 5.
Graduate and undergraduate
students registered at Stanford
during the present academic year
are eligible. Additional informa
tion may bo obtained from t he
Department of English. Room
HE.
