# Nisei War Veteran Volunteers Again
## 
### 
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
CAMP GRANT, 111., Oct. 15.—
(UP). —Pfc. Kaiso Uyeoka, 31-year
old Nisei veteran of the Italian,
French and German campaigns, to
day re-enlisted in the U. S. Army
and volunteered for occupation duty
in Japan in an effort to locate his
mother who he believes was lost
somewhere in the rubble of Hiro
shima.
Uyeoka told recruiting officers he
had visited Japan with his mother,
Risao, for a year in 1935. They re
turned to the U. S., but his mother
went back to Japan in 1938. He
heard from her occasionally until
the Pearl Harbor attack. Her last
letter came from Hiroshima where
she was living.
Uyeoka was born in Bakersfield,
Calif., and served four and a half
years with the field artillery, win
ning three battle stars in the Euro
pean campaign.
Camp Grant officers believe he is
the first American of Japanese ex
traction to volunteer for occupation
duty in Japan.
