# CARDINALS TO MEET
## 
### 
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
Cardinals wlil meet tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, presi
dent.
