# Football Bulletins
## OSC Beavers 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 15.—(UP)
—Fullback Bob Stevens, Oregon
State sparkplug who led the Beav
ers to a stunning 19 to 6 upset
victory over the University of Ore
gon here last Saturday, was in the
college infirmary here today with
the flu. Doctors hinted the star
Orange back may not be able to
play against Washington in Port
land next Saturday.
Meanwhile the Beavers opened
preparations for the Husky game.
With the exception of bruises and
minor injuries, Oregon State game
through the tough Webfoot battle
in fair condition and will be near
full strength Saturday providing
Stevens is ready to play.
