# IOTA SIGMA PI MEETS
## 
### 
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
lota Sigma Pi, women's national
chemical fraternity, will be at home
informally to all women chemistry
students this afternoon from 4 to G
o'clock in Room 56 on the third floor
oi the Chemistry building. Tea will
be served.
