# QUAD TRYOUTEES MEET
## 
### 
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
Women Quad tryoutees will meet
tonight in the Press building at
7:30, Don Hanson, Quad editor, an
nounced yesterday.
