# NO W.A.A. MEETING
## 
### 
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
There will be no W.A.A. board
meeting this week, according to
Babe Dear, president. The next
meeting will be held Wednesday,
January 17 at the customary time
and place. Various business will be
discussed.
