# SPEAKER RAINEY OPENS CONGRESS
## 
### 

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of the House of Representatives, veteran
legislator, with poised gavel ready to open the regular session of the 7!Jd
Congress that so enthusiastically received President Roosevelt's optimis
tic message.
