# Reinhardt's "Art Epochs" Course Given in English
## 
### 
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
Those who hesitated to register
for Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
course in Civilizations and Art
Epochs because they feared lec
tures in German given on the sub
ject arc reminded that the course
will not ho given in German, but in
English. It is lusted as Germanic
Languages 40 simply because Dr.
Reinhardt is a member of that de
partment.
