# Nazi-nassy Church
## 
### 
German pastors yesterday openly
threw words at the militant Christ.
Speaking from their pulpits, 100
members of the Evangelical Pastors'
Emergency League attacked Bishop
Mueller, chief of the Nazified
church. Clergy worked fast, wrote
speeches Saturday night following
Mueller's decree same day; fact that
many couldn't put their feelings on
paper fast enough accounts for
smallness of number of protesters,
which was less than two per cent
of membership of the League.
It is expected that it will be fol
lowed by enforcement of the law
providing for purely Aryan clergy,
which has not been enforced lo these
many years. Worst of all, it is a case
of ''Love me, love my dog," as Muel
ler is not defiablo without an im
plied defiance of Hitler.
