# Transports Hound Toward Portugal.
## 
### 
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
United Press Telepraphio Report
London, Oct. 15.—1t is understood
that a number of warships were seen
off Dunkirk convoying transports.
From points further south the vessels
are reported to be noaring Portugal.
