# The 						Staff
## 
### 
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
Additions to and internal adjust
ments in the force that daily makes
possible the assembling of news for
this journal, are announced in to
night's issue of The Daily Palo Alto.
A promotion 011 The Daily Palo Alto
staff that is well merited is the nam
ing of Frederick C. Hamilton,of Pasade
na, as Managing Editor. Hamilton has
earned the position by three years'
consistent work at the reportarial
desk. The name of Chesley Warde
Hatch, of San Jose, is an addition to
the list of News Editors, men respon
sible for the news material of the is
sues.
Miss Lois McCoy will take the vacant
chair of the Women's Editor for the
coming semester. Her experience in
local journalism dates from Septem
ber, 1912.
We take pleasure in announcing the
election of the following men as re
porters of The Daily Palo Alto, the se
lection being based on the ability and
aptness for newspaper work and wil
lingness in daily routine shown during
the six weeks try-out period:
Herbert S. Marschutz, '17, of Los An
geles; Andrew E. Baldwin, '18, of Los
Angeles; Frank Taylor, '18, of Los An
geles; James T. Wood, Jr., '18, of
White Sulphur Springs, Mont.; Myron
C. Hall, '18, of Palo Alto; Paul S.
Gage, '18, of Oxnard; Edward D.
Kneass, Jr., '18, of San Francisco;
Wilhelm H. Waterman, '18, of San
Francisco; Frank F. Walker, '18, of
San Francisco; Alfred I). Wilkie, '18,
of Los Angeles.
To the women's staff the following
names are added, after weeks of con
scientious work on the part of the 'try
outees:' The Misses Grace K. Ander
son, '15, of Winslow, Arizona; Anita
Marcus, '17, of San Francisco, and Jes
simine M. Hunt, '10, oT Stanford Uni
versity.
♦ * * *
Pressure of scholastic work has ne
cessitated the resignation of W. J.
Losh, '17, and H. W. Aupperle, '17,
from the force of One
year's association with the staff will
make their absence a noticeable one.
