# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
Chickens are in demand at Purdue
University, where the stndents have
organized a Poultry Cluh. to study
poultry problems.
