# Director Named
## 
### 
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
David S. Jacobson, general sec
retary of Stanford University,
has been named to the board of
directors of the American College
Public Relations Association.
