# Two Van Cliburn Concerts Planned
## 
### 
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
Because tickets for the San
Francisco Symphony concert fea
turing Van Cliburn, slated for
Thursday, Feb. 12, were sold out,
another performance of the pian
ist hns been scheduled for Wed
nesday, Feb. 11.
The Chicago Operaßallet,
which was originally scheduled
for that date, will perform Mon
day, Feb. lfi.
Cliburn will appear in both per
formances in identical programs
featuring Rachmaninoff's Piano
Concerto No. 3 in D Minor.
