# Up—Up! Food Prices Jump Despite Margins
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29 (UP).—The
nation's pricc structure took an
other jump today, even as the
major grain exchanges boosted
trading margins to help curb
spccuition.
Livestock, wholesale butter, and
egg prices rose here and one of
the major soap manufacturers an
nounced a 10 per cent pricc in
crease in all products.
On the West Coast a boost in
bread prices was foreseen as
wheat zoomed above $!l for an
all-time high on the Portland
Grain Exchange.
