# Adv. 22 Page 7
## 
### 
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
,</ N -fv,
/ \ \ •• 1 \
% x i ih
Y V>JisA
-
M
Jr'il New A-1
CAPERS—
trimmed
" down ivy
slacks with that extra
slim fit you've been
looking for! Now in
the new Cavalier'
mini-tattersa/l that
never needs ironing
and comes in a great
group of spice
shades. $9.00
335 UNIVERSITY
PALO ALTO
am
