# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
Kepler's Is Where
It's At
In this time of social stress—
of war, racism and mass ma
nipulation—we all need mo
ments of sanctuary, of reflec
tion and of friendly surround
ings. At KEPLER'S BOOKS you
can momentarily lose yourself
in the world of paperbacks, of
art prints and pop posters, of
foreign and domestic period
icals. KEPLER'S has ALL the
paperbacks from study aids
outlines to great books in
every subject spanned by the
arrival of man.
Join the thousands of other
students and professional peo
ple who regularly browse at
one or another of the Kepler
stores.
KEPLER'S two stores are
open 7 days & evenings and
there is plenty of free parking.
KEPLER'S BOOKS
& MAGAZINES
#1 -825 El Camino
Menlo Park
#2 - Village Corner
El Camino at San Antonio
Los Altos
