# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
Immediate openingsjor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired.
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory wareho'ise)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employe'
Uhomas
J»mpornrt»B I
Town and Country
Village
Palo Atto
328-0300^
V <1
