# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
HOSPITAL
Frederick Brennan, Donald Lan
dale, Marjul McCormack. Richard
G ray.
MEN'S REST HOME
Otis Mitchel.
