# SWIMMERS TO PICK NEW CAPTAIN TODAY
## 
### 
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
Election of next year's varsity
swimming captain will take place
this afternoon at 5 o'clock at the
Encina pool, according to Coach
Ernst Brandsten.
All men who made letters in
swimming this year are eligible to
vote.
