# SIGMA XI CHAPTER WILL HEAR LA MER WEDNESDAY EVENING
## 
### 
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
Years of research will have its
moment of announcement next
Wednesday evening when, under the
auspices of the Stanford chapter of
Sigma Xi, the national honorary
scientific research society, Dr. Vic
tor K. LaMer delivers a lecture on
"A Modern Theory of Electrolytic:
Solutions" in room 20 of the Chem
istry Building.
Greatly interested in the fields of
physical and biological chemistry
for a long time, Professor LaMor,
who is acting as associate professor
of chemistry here for this quarter
only, and planning to return to
Columbia next quarter, has done
much research in the field of elec
trolytes working particularly on the
activity coefficient of stray electro
lytes.
The lecture will be open to the
public, Professor Maurice Higgins,
secretary of Sigma Xi. announced
yesterday.
