# Big Dish' to Work During Sun Eclipse
## 
### 
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
Stanford’s “big dish” tackles its
first real assignment in radar as
tronomy Saturday when a total
eclipse of the sun occurs.
From 12:50 to 2:40 p.m. the 150-
foot parabola will beam radar sig
nals at the dark side of the moon
as its shadow passes across the
continent from Alaska to Bar
Harbor, Maine.
Receivers will catch radar sig
nals bouncing back from the
moon’s dark surface 240,000 miles
away after making the round trip
in about two and a half seconds.
These echoes may rveal new
facts about space that lies between
the earth and the moon, as well
as about the earth’s ionosphere,
the 4,000 mile thick blanket of
charged particles that makes it
possible to bounce short-wave ra
dio signals around the world for
long distance communication.
