# Hoover fellow clarifies stance on proposal to alter math curriculum
## 
### 
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
Congratulations on The Daily's well
done, balanced Feb. 22 article on the
parents' protest against the "new-new"
math curriculum in the Palo Alto school
district.

I was, however, slightly misquoted on
one matter. I said that the school has
not taught my third-grade son his times
tables, not that he did not know his
times tables.
Also the article stresses differences
between the views of Stanford Prof.
Ralph Cohen and those of the "math
basics" parents' group. Although there
may be differences, there is much over
lap. Professor Cohen has publicly voiced

his concern that the California "Mathe
matics Framework" and other "new
new" math curricula bend the stick too
far in one direction — away from math
basics. Prof. Cohen has been quite out
spoken about the need for children to
master computational skills. He empha
sizes the need for practice and drill in
computational techniques.
Bill Evers
Research fellow, Hoover Institution
