# Wally's Gems Gone In Daring Theft
## 
### 
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
LONDON. Oct. 17 — The
Duchess of Windsor disclosed today
(hat SIOO.OOO worth of gems were
stolen from her yesterday in a dar
ing robbery which matched any in
British crime annals for sheer auda
city.
The Exchange Telegraph Agency
estimated the value of the stolen
jewels at $1,000,000 value and said
that 5120.000 worth had been recov
ered on the lawn of the estate where
they were dropped by the fleeing
thief.
With magnificent disregard for
Scotland Yard agents guarding the
Windsors, a "Cat burglar" slipped
into the boudoir of the Duchess
suite on the third floor of stately
Ednam Lodge at Sunningdale. 18
miles outside London, under cover
of a heavy mist at dusk last night,
scrambled up a drainpipe, snatched
the gems and escaped by the same
route.
