# Encina Elects Officers For Autumn Quarter
## 
### 
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
In a recent election at Encina Hall
officers were chosen to lead their
respective wings during the autumn
quarter. Each of the wings elected
a president, social manager, intra
mural chairman, and business man
ager.
The following men were elected
presidents of their wings: Robert
Armstrong, Stewart Richardson.
Claude Rosenberg, William Ed
wards, Dow Carpenter, Robert
Sawyer, John Rosekrans, .John
Jackey. Bob Bullwinkler, Rob Crist,
David Armor.
