# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
St. Basic Hebrew Ct
Folksinging with TV;
UK: 5 p.m., Tresit
ly meeting. Russian
sian Comm.
LUTHERAN STL
p.m.. Women’s Clubl
SELECTIVE SEK
Applications for Se
ice College Qualifica
be given April 18, n
marked by March
seeking deferment a
take the test and sh
forms in the Nations
fice. Bldg. 100, Roi
soon as possible.
STANFORD • IN
GROUP VI; 7:30, T
coffee hour.
LUTZ
FOR
