# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
Editor, The Daily:
The stifling of dissent and free
speech by the administration of
Stanford University makes a
mockery of its attempt to emu
late the great eastern universi
ties.
Part of Harvard’s greatness
can be found in its tradition of
upholding civil liberties the
right of unrestricted public ex
pression of ideas for its stu
dents and teachers.
Princeton’s President Goheen
has long been an outstanding
spokesman for unpopular causes.
(One might well ask where Dean
Winbigler and President Sterling
stand now that they have attack
ed those who oppose the KPFA
investigation.)
Columbia’s students and facul
ty members continuously are in
volved in campaigns to support
integration, encourage urban re
newal, demand university reform,
oppose fallout shelter construc
tion, strengthen academic free
dom. As it should, the university
neither endorses nor attacks
these efforts.
A university must live up to
certain principles, however costly
they may prove to be. I am re
volted every time I am told (and
it has been often) that the pres
ence of the pro-Cuban Marxist
economist Paul Baran on the
Stanford campus cost the univer
sity $3,000,000 in lost contribu
tions.
Does this university exist in
order to please its wealthy
friends and alumni?
Stanford could probably double
its endowment if it were to insti
tute a required indoctrination
course in the evils of commu
nism. It could probably finance
the construction of a multi-mil
lion-dollar dormitory—for white
Protestants only—in no-time flat.
I hope I’m not giving President
Sterling any ideas.
Allen Young
Graduate division
