# Finance Position On ASSU Open
## 
### 
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
Applications for Student Fi
nancial Manager for the academic
year 1964-65 are now available in
the ASSU Office. Deadline for ap
plication is February 24.
The position is open to all reg
istered students. The Financial
Manager directly supervises all
the business and financial trans
actions of the ASSU and is comp
troller of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund.
