# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
Loro House and El Tigre Club
announce the engagement of Bar
bara Helen Sherman, class of '64.
to John David Heyl, class of '64.
