# 'I' Club Sponsors Turkish Banquet
## 
### 
Turkish Friendship Club will co
sponsor the Turkish banquet to be
held by International Club this
Sunday at 6 p.m. in the Faculty
Clubhouse, John Menzel, president
of the"I" Club, announced.
A special program of Turkish mu
sic, folk dancing, and an address on
Turkish-American relations by Miss
Edith Parson will follow the din
ner, prepared and served in native
style by Turkish students.
Turkish Friendship Club is a non
political organization formed to
provide closer comradeship and
intellectual co-operation between
Turkish and other foreign students
and to afford opportunities for
Turks and Americans to becomc
better acquainted. Ismail Guralp is
chairman of the club for this quar
ter.
All reservations have been sold.
Jean Cohn, Lagunita, is in charge.
