# Poloists Prep For Matches
## 
### 
The newly formed Stanford Polo
Association held a meeting last
night at which an announcement was
made of the arrangement of a match
between the Stanford team and the
Pogonip Polo Club of Santa Cruz
on Sunday, May 18.
Officers were elected and a train
ing program was mapped out. Bob
Lawson was elected President; Pose
Marie Wallis, Secretary-Treasurer;
Bill Decker, Student Coach; and
Bill Foster was named Captain of
the team.
The association is a self-support
ing organization and they plan to
play three matches this quarter ac
cording to Bob Lawson, Bill Decker
who coached a team in Arizona said
that all beginners are invited to
join.
There will be no admission charge
for the Santa Cruz match and all
Stanford students are invited to at
tend.
