# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LOOK AHEAD!
If we were gonna fin
ish this year, we'd be
propagandizing for a
COLUMBIA 360 for
graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
