# Adv. 64 Page 11
## 
### 
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
Funny things
happen at college
newspapers.
Communication
between
departments isn't
always so great.
Stories get
assigned twice. Or
never at all. Photos
are made too big.
Or too small. And
the business
department
sometimes gives
the editorial
department
strange spaces like
this one to fill with
interesting
graphics and
exciting copy.
Only that isn't so
easy. What can
you do with a
space about an
inch-and-a-half
wide by 13 inches
tall? Not much.
That's where you
fit in. We don't
mean you fit in a
IViby 13 inch
space; that was
just figurative
language. What we
do mean is that
there's a place for
you at The
Stanford Daily.
Drop by and pick
up a story.
SOON!
Stanford's
newest late night
munchie option
V xU /.
IMEMCffIFSI
< (0
Delicious Homemade
Chocolate Chip
Cookies (and milk)
delivered to your dorm
every night 1
3 for $1.00
Call 321-5665
to order and for
delivery schedule.
