# Tryouts
## 
### 
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
Winter I Afts: Staff positions
are open for music director,
choreographer, technical director,
set design, constume design, light
design, stage manager, costume
execution, rehearsal secretary, as
sistant director, assistant pro
ducer, rehearsal pianist, and as
sistant music director. Sign-up
sheets are posted on the Little
Theater bulletin board at Memor
ial Auditorium and on the door of
the Ram's Head office in the Un
ion building. Sign ups will close
Tues., Dec. 16 and announcement
of the staff will be made before
Christmas vacation. Prospective
directors should meet with pro
ducer Doug Johnson in the Ram's
Head room, in the Student Union,
between 1 and 3 p.m., Friday.
