# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
The first orange tree in the
United States was grown from
seed brought by the Spanish sett
lers to St. Augustine, Fla., in
I the 16th century.
