# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
Four games will be played in the
baseball league this week. The sched
ule follows —Tuesday, teams 2 and 3;
Thursday, teams 1 and 2; Friday,
teams 1 and 3: Saturday morning,
teams 2 and 3.
