# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We are glad to note the prompt
attention given by the University
authorities to the complaint con
cerning the Hall dilapidation fund.
The present arrangement as an
nounced on another page seems
fair and jnst. There is still a
question, however, as to the use
made of last year's fund. A state
ment of expenditures is generally
desired hy the inmates of the Hall.
We are glad to note the prompt
attention given by the University
authorities to the complaint con
cerning the Hall dilapidation fund.
The present arrangement as an
nounced on another page seems
fair and jnst. There is still a
question, however, as to the use
made of last year's fund. A state
ment of expenditures is generally
desired hy the inmates of the Hall.
We are glad to note the prompt
attention given by the University
authorities to the complaint con
cerning the Hall dilapidation fund.
The present arrangement as an
nounced on another page seems
fair and jnst. There is still a
question, however, as to the use
made of last year's fund. A state
ment of expenditures is generally
desired hy the inmates of the Hall.
We are glad to note the prompt
attention given by the University
authorities to the complaint con
cerning the Hall dilapidation fund.
The present arrangement as an
nounced on another page seems
fair and jnst. There is still a
question, however, as to the use
made of last year's fund. A state
ment of expenditures is generally
desired hy the inmates of the Hall.
