# Adv. 26 Page 9
## 
### 
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
Technical
Writers
Warthman Associates
writes technical
documentation for
semicondocutor and
computer
manufacturers.
Occasionally we
augment our regular
staff with part-time
writers.
If you have an
engineering or basic
science degree plus
excellent writing skills,
we would welcome an
opportunity to review
your resume.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palo Alto CA 94301
