# First Round Tennis Matches Get Under Way
## 
### 
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
Stanford's mixed doubles and
women's singles tennis tourna
ment continued today with first
round matches getting under way.
The first round will he completed
by April 17 and results will be
announced in the Daily. Favorites
in the mixed doubles tourament
are first seeded Barbara Beards
lee and Grovcr Miller, winner of
last Fall's tournament.
