# WEATHER
## 
### 
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
San Francisco Bay Area —Partly
cloudy Friday and Saturday, slight
ly coolcr Friday, moderate westerly
winds.
