# MacMurray Miscast, Comedy Misfires in 'Pardon My Past'
## 
### 
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
PARDON MY PAST—Now playing
at the Stanford Theater
Pardon me for bringing'the mat
ter to your attention, but the Stan
lord Theater is currently screening

about as down
at - ihe - mouth
and forced a
"comedy" as you
have over seen,
"Pardon My
P a s t." Fred
Mac Murray, a n
adept man at
ofl - hand com
edy, deserves a
better role than
he drew here.

Mr. Mac Murray has a dual as
signment to contend with, in which
he plays an irresponsible playboy
and some other sort of odd-ball.
His leading lady, double - chinned
Marguerite Chapman, doesn't know

which Fred she's talking to and I
for one don't see that it made much
difference. Her dialogue is about
as sparkling as that of a hayseed
in the big city on Saturday night.
Humor Misfires
Most of the cast goes around
slamming doors, looking over hotel
transoms, and peeping through key
holes in a violent attempt at that
indefinable tiling called "humor."
The only time this reviewer laughed
at the whole proceedings was when
one of the cast shut a door a little
too hard and the whole set almost
came tumbling down.
The second feature, "Behind the
Green Light," presents venerable
William Gargan and the equally
buxomy Carole Landis in what I
gathered from the coming attrac
tions is a murder mystery. You can
go see for yourself but this indi
vidual didn't have the nerve nor
patience. -Bower


MacMurry Miscast
