# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
President Harding recently ordered
20,000,000 acres of land in Alaska set
aside, in order to establish a new
naval oil reserve.
