# Peace, Rest, Orange Juice, and Nose Drops
## 
### 


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.


AN EASY LIFE is guaranteed for sufferers of colds, poison oak, or
what have you at the rest home. Stan Fidanque, at rest, in the picture

on the left. Above right, the men's rest home; below, the women's re
treat.
