# "SQUINTY IS NOW "LOVER"
## 
### 
During (he week-end of the U.S.C.
basketball series down south this
year, Dinty Moore found his gal ad
miring a picture of Robert Taylor,
current Beau Sabreur par excellence.
The rest of the team started ragging
him about it ,for obvious reasons.
Not long afterward, the girl came
back and gave the picture to Dinty,
torn in four miserable pieces. The
team was also on the sidelines for
that play, and now it's "Lover"
Moore, not "Squinty." For obvious
reasons.
Among other things to be noted
when the frosh hoopsters play is the
remarkable lack of expression on
red-headed Will "Andy" Anderson's
pan while play is going on. The tall,
quiet kid's face shows about as much
emotion as the bottom of Grandma's
dish-pan.
