# To Decide First Round
## 
### 
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
In order to finish the fourth Varsity
tennis tournament before the Spring
vacation, those in charge desire that
all who have matches to play in the
first round arrange to decide them this
week if possib'e.
