# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
In order to cover the events of Jun
ior Day and the Freshman Intercol
legiate track meet the Daily Palo Alto
will appear on both Friday and Satur
day of this week.
