# Adv. 11 Page 5
## 
### 
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
41 % American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
