# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
For your casual
comfort ... a new
and smarter
corduroy
suit!
For a high place in
suburban fashion; for
knock-around week-end wear,
for rugged service . . .
corduroy remains the
favorite!
In a 3-piece suit (vest
reversible to suede-cloth)
in natural shoulder
styling, olive or adobe-tan.
29.95
Full selections of separate
corduroy sport coats and
slacks, also at all
P T stores now!
W Nl
Natural Clothing Since 1923
219 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO
