# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
For safety and security we recommend the BUSY B. Are you
worried about sure fallout protection? Then remember that
alcohol kills radi
ation; and remem
ber, too, that the
BUSY B can serve
you well. We
guarantee that
you will have fun
BUSY "B"
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
during fallout at
the BUSY B; pro
tection is another
thing. But then
that will be diffi
cult to find any
where. Just think.
you can relax with the best hamburger and good liquid re
freshment over a game of gin, poker, pinochle or the like.
