# Sports
## Frosh Netmen Take Honors 
### 
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
The frosh tennis team, match
ing the varsity's performance this
last weekend at the Northern
California Intereollegiates, took
both the singles and doubles and
walked away with the overall
championship.
The gutty attack included John
McCabe, a Texan, who won five
matches including an upset vic
tory in the semis over his team
mate Brian Leek. Enroute to vic
tory, he had to come from behind
three times.
Brian Lock and Craig Baise
combined to win the doubles. Get
ting a first round bye. they had
little trouble in their throe
matches.
