# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
UARSITV
ff THEATRE |
PHONE 503
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
April 29-30, May 1
"DANCE MADNESS"
With Claire Windsor and Conrad
Nagel, and directed by Robert Z.
Leonard. It's here —the maddest,
merriest picture romance you've
ever laid your eyes on! This one
is the whirlwind comedy sensa
tion of the year—a madcap tale
of modern marriage that starts
at sixty miles an hour and grows
faster to the end!
You don't know how funny a
picture can be until you've seen
this fast-stepping tale.
"GOING GREAT"
A Mermaid Comedy
FOX NEWS
