# MAY SING HERE
## 
### 

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.

Louis Graveure, distinguished bari
tone, who will give the first concert
of the series of six planned by the
Executive Committee, if students sup
port the campaign.
