# Professor Marx Goes to Salinas.
## 
### 
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Structural Engineering department of
this University, has gone to Salinas to
submit a report on some engineering
work he is doing for that city.
