# Thistles Default to Stanford Team.
## 
### 
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
The Thistles soccer team will for
feit the game scheduled to lie played
with the Stanford eleven tomorrow.
Failure in an effort to gather a team
makes the action of the clubmen nec
essary. The default gives Stanford
one more point and a firmer hold on
second place in the California Foot
ball League.
