# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
PALACE HOTEL
To these hotels belongs the distinction of
having entertained the notable travelers
who have journeyed from every portion of
the world to San Kranci->co.
It Is universally acknowledged that they
possess the attributes that appeal to par
ticular p"opleâ€”-undoubted luxury and com
fort, unsurpassed cuisine and service, and
superior appointments and location.
Connected by" a covered passageway, and
operated under one management, on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
,0F LAW
Offers a in. o . . jars' course in private
hikl public law, leading to the degree of
LL.H. Membership in the school is re
stricted to graduates of colleges and
scientific schools in good standing and to
persons presenting satisfactory evidence
of equivalent training. Graduates of
pproved colleges are admitted without
lamination.
For circulars containing full informa
tion, address the Secretary of Columbia
University, New York City.
