# Will See "Zaragueta."
## 
### 
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
Through the courtesy of I'rof.
Carlos Bransby of the Spanish
department of the University <>112
California, the members of Club
Tertulia will have an opportunity
to attend the performance of "Znra
gucta," which will he given at
Berkele)' the evening of April 23d.
''Zaragueta" is the comedy which
vvus rehearsed hy the Spanish Club
here last year, with a view to pre
senting it. It is very humorous,
uiid will undoubtedly make a hit.
Enough members of Club Ter
tulia have expressed a desire to
attend the performance to make it
seem advisable to omit the next
meeting of the club, which would
regularly come next Wednesday
evening, the evening of the per
formance at Berkeley.
