# DAVIS TO FACE INDIANS HERE
## 
### 

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.

lIAL DAVIS, famed Cal sprinter who has joined the Marines (which
accounts for the cap), will run for the Bears tomorrow when the Ber
keley squad meets the Indians on Angell Field. Davis has signed with
the Leathernecks but probably will finish the present term before be
ing called.
