# ARNIE BACK AGAIN
## 
### 
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
Pete Coscarart, who was such a
sensation in spring training, has been
bcnched in favor of the light-hitting
Arnie Anderson in Frisch's newest
shakeup.
