# Scabbard, Blade Initiates Eleven
## 
### 
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
Scabbard and Blade held its first
1942 initiations Wednesday at a din
ner meeting in the Chi Psi house.
Those initiated were: William Dir
kcr, Jim Farquharson. Jim Haugh,
Hugh Hilleary, Glenn Johnson, Gene
Kern, Carl Sengc, Bill Smith, Craig
Stevenson, Jim Thurmond, and Rob
ert Shiner. Major Edward Soares
Captain Jillson Peattie. and Lieu
tenant John Heddon were also ini
tiates.
