# Millionaire Saved From Jail Term
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Charles A. Levine, former million
aire New York junk dealer and first
trans-Atlantic air passenger, today
was saved from a jail sentence when
Federal Judpe J. F. T. O'Connor
granted him a suspended sentence.
Judge O'Connor previously had
sentenced Levine to five months in
jail and fined him for aiding Ed
ward Schinek, German refugee, to
enter the country illegally.
