# War Theme Chosen For Military Dance
## 
### 
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
Stanford s military department
will present a military ball Friday
night, May 22, in the Pavilion. Any
R.O.T.C. member of Stanford's unit
may attend.
The theme and decorations for the
dance will be in keeping with the;
war spirit and the occasion. Al
though a band has not yet been
chosen, it is expected that a big
name band will be engaged because
the proceeds are intended for Army
Relief.
