# NO BONFIRES IN L.A.
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
LOS ANGELES, April 23 (UP).—
Barbecues and bonfires on the
beaches, a favorite summer pastime,
are banned for the duration of the
war, the Los Angeles Fire Commis
sion ruled today.
