# HUGE FRIANT DAM NEAR COMPLETION
## 
### 

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.

WORK ON CALIFORNIA'S Friant I)nm is now wearing completion in record time. Floodlighting has helped
speed np work on the dam, only the top third of which is visible here. Dwarfed by the giant size of the
dam, a workman is shown inside the circle drawn 011 this picture of the downstream face of the structure.
