# Card Sailors Face Bears Tomorrow
## 
### 
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
Facing a lack of crews to man the
Olympic Monotype boats, Stanford's
sailing team will meet California to
morrow afternoon at Berkeley. The
Indians will attempt to repeat their
triumph of last year in the five
scheduled races.

Howard Wright, captain of the In
dian team, has requested all those
interested in racing Saturday to
contact him immediately.
