# DESTROYER CHRISTENING
## 
### 
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
SEATTLE, April 23 (UP). —The
christening of the destroyer McCook
and a minesweeper for the Navy will
occur next Thursday, 13th Naval
District headquarters said today.

Premier Mussolini once issued sev
eral pamphlets giving advice to new
lyweds and implying that each couple
was expected to rear 12 children.
