# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
WANTED
3
MEN STUDENTS
to occupy new
furnished
bungalow
Family away for winter. Won
derful opportunity for 3
men students to have this
handy furnished bungalow
entirely to themselves. 5
rooms, radio, piano, furnace,
automatic hot water, maid
service, garage. Price reason
able. Move in now, singly or
group of 3. Call at 725 Homer
Ave. after 7 P.M. Wednesday.
