# HEAR SIGNS CONTRACT
## 
### 
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
Pitcher Bill Gear, a junior at the
University of California, yesterday
signed a contract with the Cincin
nati Reds of the National League.
