# 'TSK, TSK TSK!'
## 
### 
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
The "excessive profanity" used by
Cleveland Indian Coach A 1 Sim
mons against Umpire John Stevens
during a protest in last Sunday's
Cleveland-Yankee game gained him
an indefinite suspension yesterday
by American League President Wil
liam Harridge.
