# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
So many questions have arisen
concerning the organization and
object of the Woman's* League,
that the Advisory Board of the
league has thought it wise, with
the beginning of the semester, to
offer a brief statement.
The constitution of the league
states that "All women students of
the University and all women who
are members of the faculty, shall
be eligible to active membership
upon the payment of the prescribed
dues." All women connected with
the University, however, are cor
dially welcomed at the meetings.
The object of the league is to
draw the women of the University
together once a month for an in
formal social hour, in order that
greater friendliness, common inter
ests, and closer cooperation may
be promoted.
This semester, while the inten
tion is to continue the membership
as before, the board feels that it
should enlarge its object by under
taking some definite work which
would be for the common benefit
of the women students. At present,
the needs of the new "Rest-room"
afford an opportunity for such
work. However, such an object
cannot be undertaken by the league
without support through member
ship and personal interest.
Toward this end. the board asks
the "mention of every woman who
believes in such an organization as
the league, and earnestly invites
her cooperation.
The Advisory Board.
