# Tracksters Enter S.F. Relief Meet
## 
### 
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
Although final definite plans are
not completed, Bill Ellington, head
track coach, announced yesterday
that Stanford's cinder squad would
be well represented at both the
Finnish relief track meet Tuesday
in San Francisco and Long Beach
Relays, March 16.
Arrangements are being made for
the participation of several Indian
stars in the Southern California in
vitational event next month. El
lington hopes to enter his sprint,
middle-distance, and two-mile re
lay teams in addition to a few out
standing individual performers.
With Taisto Maki and Paavo Nur
mi headlining the big benefit track
event in San Francisco next week,
promoters have been contacting bay
area cinder talent and have prom
ised the appearance of several Farm
stars.
