# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
A.S.S.U. Excom meets tonight in
stead of tomorrow night in the Ex
com room of the Old Union. Moot
ing is open to all students.
