# Yankee Farms Set Training Sites
## 
### 
ALAMEDA. Jan. 20 (UP).—Four
New York Yankee farm clubs will
train at Agua Caliente Hot Springs,
Calif., it was announced today by
Eddie Leishman, business manager
of the Yankee-backed Ventura team
<»l the California State League.
The Victoria, 8.C., team of the
class B Western International loop
will open training at the northern
California resort March 28, followed
by Bisbee of the Arizona League and
Ventura of the California State on
April 5; and Twin Falls, Idaho, of
the Pioneer League April 12 or 13.
Leishman said that at least 85
players are expected to train there
for the Yankees. Oakland of the
i'aeific Coast League trains at
nearby Boyes Hot Springs and all
live teams will use the Boyes
Springs ball park for practice.
Other small minor league teams in
the area include Reno of the Sunset
League and Salt Lake City of the
Pioneer, both o[ which will condi
tion at Santa Rosa.
