# Novikoff's Feet Flame As Sig Trash Burns
## 
### 
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
Fire trucks were called out last
evening at six to put a little more
water on a small blaze in tbe trash
receptacle behind tbe Alpha Sigma
Phi house at 534 Salvatierra. The
fire had already been brought under
control with a fire extinguisher
manned by John Hood and Johnny
Walker, and the feet of A 1 Novikoff
manned by himself.
