# ECON BOOKS NEEDED
## 
### 
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
Students having copies of Ells
worth's "International Economics"
are asked either (a) to sell them to
the Stanford Bookstore, or (b) to
lend them to friends who are en
rolled in Economics 130. Lists of
students who are enrolled in this
course may be consulted in the
Bookstore or in the Economics De
partment office.
