# FEBRUARY ELECTIONS
## 
### 
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
February A.S.S.U. election ballots
will have three positions for Men's
Council and two for Women's Coun
cil. Requirements are 103 units and
a C average.
