# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


Walking
Sam Goldman is a walking
legend in Stanford's Sports
Information office.
page 6

around in
Despite setbacks, the crew
team rowed around in Newport
Bay on Sunday.
page 8

your sleep
Jeremi Suri tells why students
gave up their sleep to meet
Joan Lunden.
page 4

WEATHER
Today:
Sunny, highs in
the 60s-70s.
Wednesday:
Mostly cloudy,
highs in the 60s.


