# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
Parsons, Kansas, Boy Scouts are
collecting discarded toys which they
will repair and give to poor chil
dren for Christmas.
