# COLLEGE MEN MAY LEARN TO FLY FROM CRUISERS
## 
### 

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.

Catapaulting seaplanes from bat
tleships, one of the more advanced
operations conducted at (he Naval
Reserve Aviation Base. Starting this
week, the filth annual group of stu
dents to enter Naval Reserve Avia
tion Training will take a prelimin
ary course at the Oakland Airport.
Open only to college men, I lie quota
is not yet filled.
