# BULL SESSIONS FOR FRESHMAN WOMEN WILL BEGIN SUNDAY
## 
### 
Stanford traditions and old Stan
ford stories will be the background
for the freshmen women bull ses
sions to be started Sunday night
7 o'clock in Roble.
This initial discussion group will
not take up any special field, but
will be devoted to a discussion of
orientation problems and will offer
an opportunity to sign up for the
following discussion groups which
will be held on different subjects
uch as "Vocations" and"The Rela
tions between Men and Women." A
summary report of the time study
held on the campus last spring will
probably bo given in the meetings.
The Y.W.C.A. freshmen cabinet
will be chosen from the discussion
groups which will be continued into
next quarter. Leaders for the first
bull sessions are: Joan Reppy, Cath
erine Guerard, Ruth Lockett, Cath
erine Spaulding, Barbara Boggs,
Jane Snyder, Alice Wolvott and Dor
othy Cook. Leaders for the bull ses
sions on special topics will be 'an
nounced later, according to Joan
Reppy, in charge of the discussions.
