# WILBUR JUSTIFIED IN DISMISSAL OF KELLEY--COTTRELL
## 
### 
"I don't think that any official
has the right to release government
information for newspaper publica
tion which would include charges
against another officer of the gov
ernment, without putting it through
the proper judicial channels," de
clared Professor Edwin A. Cottrell,
head of the political science depart
ment, yesterday afternoon, when
commenting on the dismissal by
Secretary Wilbur of Ralph S. Kellcy
from the Department of the Interior.
"In other words, the Secretary was
justified in dismissing him."
Kelley was charged with selling
articles connected with partisan
campaign politics to newspaper or
ganizations. According to Cottrell,
there arc two questions involved in
these charges: the first is whether
or not it is ethical for a newspaper
to accept such articles, and the sec
ond, whether or not men will be
found willing to hold public office
without protection.
