# RELATIONS RENEWED
## 
### 
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
LISBON, Oct. 30. (/IV Full diplo
natic relations between Portugal
nd Mexico were re-established to
lay when Enrique Gonzalez Mnr
inrz, new Mexican minister, pre
ontcd his credentials to President
