# FRESHMEN PLAN FOR EVENTS IN CARNIVAL
## 
### 
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
Freshman committees for the class
side-show, concessions, and other
events in the all-university carnival,
to be held on December 5 for the
benefit of the new gym, were an
nounced yesterday by Elisabeth
Larsh, advisor for the freshman
class.
The freshman side show will be
worked out by Mary Rath and a
committee consisting of Phyllis
Doane, Marion Slonaker, Jean
Adams, Anne Brackelt, Barbara
Young, and Barbara Binns. The
committee on concessions is headed
by Ellen Brown, with Phyllis Wil
son, Betty Moser, Florence Bush,
Jeanne Millard, Georgia Crowell,
and Molly Phillips to assist her.
Constance Overton was named chair
man of the food committee on which
are Lucy Young, Alice Klauber, and
Betty Anne Kelly.
Barbara Gibbs will act as chair
man of the advertising committee
and will be assisted by Elizabeth
Hopper, Emily Ross, Betty Lewis,
Justine Jankowsky, and Janet Kam
pemich.
