# SKELETONS FOUND
## 
### 
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 30. (TPi
—Professor Russell C. Hussey, Uni
versity of Michigan geologist, an
nounced today that the skeletons of
two whales have been found in
Michigan.
