# BOYS SELL PARKING SIGNS
## 
### 
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
EVANSTON, 111., Oct. 30. (/P). —
The small boys who thought they
had solved the problem of what to
do with the "No Parking" signs
around Northwestern University's
football field, by selling them to
football fans as souvenirs, had an
' other guess coming today.
