# MUSTAPHA SPEAKS
## 
### 
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
ANGORA, Turkey, Oct. 30. (/P). —
Mustapha Kemal Pasha in his first
message to the American public in
many years today affirmed to the
Associated Press his high esteem of
Turkey's sister nation far across the
seas.
