# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
LONDON, Oct. 30. (AP). — Hugh
Walpole, novelist, is so anxious to
learn to play bridge that he has
changed his mind. Thousands have
tried to teach me and failed," he
once said in explanation of a "never
again" decision. But now he has ob
tained the services of another ex
pert.
