# History contest Will Close March 1
## 
### 
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
Undergraduate students may turn
in essays for the Colonial Dames
contest until March 1, according to
Dr, Max Savelle, history professor.
The essays may be on any topic
concerning American history prior
to 1783. Manuscripts should be no
more than 10.000 words, 5.000 words
being adequate. They should be
typed, double-spaced, and in dupli
cate.
Those interested may contact Pro
fessors Savelle, Bailey, Bestor,
Knoles, or White.
