# I.E.C. to Give International School Data
## 
### 
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
International Education Commit
tee over the weekend held its sec
ond meeting at which opportunities
and requirements for Stanford stu
dents' attendance at foreign schools
was discussed, chairman Alfred
Munk announced.
"A great many contacts are being
established by Ihe committee mem
bers, and we hope, within a short
time, to make complete information
concerning the specific curricula,
prerequisites, tuition, and accom
modations available to all Stanford
students, including veterans on the
G.I. bill," Munk explained.
Information that the committee is
compiling concerns universities in
most foreign areas—Europe, Aus
tralia, New Zealand, Central and
South America; in Europe the infor
mation will cover schools in Eng
land, France, Italy, Switzerland,
Scandinavian countries, and some
newly opened institutions in Ger
many and Austria.
