# Shell Oil Men Hold Meeting For Engineers
## 
### 
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
o
Representatives of the Shell Cor
poration will be on the campus
Monday and Tuesday to interview
engineers. Preceding the individual
interviews, there will be a group
meeting in Room 28.'5, School of En
gineering, at 4:15 p.m.. Monday.
Dr. Arthur Boultbee of the Shell
Oil Company is interested in inter
viewing chemical engineer, me
chanical engineers with bachelors
degrees, and chemists with U.S.,
M.S., or Ph.D. degrees for refinery
work; and petroleum engineers and
mechanical engineers for production
jobs in oil fields.
Dr. C. W. Humphreys, representa
tive of the Shell Chemical Company,
will talk to chemists, chemical en
gineers, and mechanical engineers
with either bachelors' or masters'
degrees for manufacturing and
marketing positions. In addition to
this group Dr. Humphreys is inter
ested in talking to electrical engin
eers with bachelors' degrees, who
would be utilized in positions call
ing for industrial application of
electronics.
Dr. R. W. Millar of the Shell De
velopment Company, which is the
research organization of the Shell
Corporation, will talk with men who
are working towards advanced de
grees and who would be interested
in future research opportunities
with the company.
Dr. Millar would also like to talk
with any women trained in chemis
try, who would be interested in pos
itions involving library responsi
bilities, supervision of technical
files, and patent research.
Individual interviews will be con
ducted on Tuesday. Candidates may
obtain application forms and ar
range for interviews at the Appoint
ment Service, Room IGG, Adminis
tration Building or telephone 'J4ll,
Local 288.
