# TEX RANKIN KILLED
## 
### 
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore., Feb. 23
(UP). — Tex Rankin, pioneer stunt
flyer, and two companions were
killed here todav.
