# WRITERS NEEDED
## 
### 
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
Students interested in writing and
drawing, who would like to become
permanent contributors to a forth
coming magazine, are requested to
contact E. T. Gendlin, 817 Longfel
low Street, N.W., Washington 11.
D.C. The editors are looking for
stories, poems, or articles dealing
with current events, the arts, liter
ature. music, and the theater. Art
ists are also needed.
