# LATHROP OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
Lathrop House will hold an open j
house after the Friday night basket- j
ball game for the whole campus, i
Refreshments will be served, ac- ;
cording to Chairman Ann Carter. j
