# Players to Read Tragedy by Ibsen
## 
### 
A serious tragedy, "John Gabriel
Borkman" by Henrick Ibsen, will
be read next Wednesday night at
8:15 in the Little Theater.
The play is a realistic and emo
tional study of a bankrupt finan- j
cier. The title role will be played
by Dr. Lee E. Bassett, emeritus, a
former head of the Stanford Speech
and Drama Department. Betty Mc-
Gce, an ex-WA VE, is the director ;
of the reading.
The rest of the cast will include
Elaine Maltzman as Ella Rentheim. j
Mrs. A. Leavelle as Mrs. Borkman,
Leslie Robinson as Erhart Bork- j
man, David Hawes as Vilhelm Fol
dal. and Phyllis Graham as Fanny
Wilton.
Tickets are on sale for 30 cents in
Room 201. Memorial Hall. Call P.A.
22041 for reservations.
