# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 100
Palo Alto luD
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
