# Ewald Fluegel
## 
### 
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
No man has contributed more to the
scholastic standing of Stanford Uni
versity in the twenty-three years of
its history than did the late Ewald
Fliigel, professor of philology. His
was the rank in the world of letters
to which but few attain; his, those in
timate qualities which bind friends in
bonds of love; his, a sympathy which
was ever responsive and all-including.
That the legion of friends in this
community might meet to .recall the
revered character of this man, to hear
lifelong friends tell of their associa
tions, a memorial service has been
planned for Tuesday evening, the place
to be the Memorial Church. The privi
lege is one that will not be overlooked
by any who had known Dr. Fliigel as a
friend, acquaintance, or teacher.
