# Palo Alto and Woodland Play Tie.
## 
### 
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
Palo Alto and Woodland battled to i
?, to 3 tie on the wet turf Saturday
afternoon, thus making a second game
necessa.ry to decide the northern
championship of the California Inter
scholastic Federation. The rival
teams will meet next Saturday at
Woodland.
The winner will meet Pomona on
December 10. Pomona defeated Di
nuba, the central division winners,
by the overwhelming score of GO to 0
Saturday.
