# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
Every freshman is to have his pic
ture taken at Illinois University.
