# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
Thirty-four per cent of the fresh
men of Dartmouth are failing in
English.
