# Alumna Marries.
## 
### 
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
Announcement has been received of
the marriage of Miss Grace Oldshue,
'13, to Mr. J. E. Hancock on Novem
ber 12th, in Waveland, Indiana.
