# PA DILLINGER
## 
### 

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)

John W. Dillinger of Mooresville,
Ind., 69-year-old father of the na
tion's most-sought outlaw, is shown
inspecting a petition seeking am
nesty for his son. (A.P. Photo)
