# Wesley Dunlap Writes A.I.E.E. Contest Paper
## 
### 
Names of men entering papers in
tomorrow's contest, a feature of to
morrow's tri-section meeting of the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers, were released today.
Stanford, whose Wesley Dunlap
won last year's competition, will be
represented by E. H. Schoenfeld,
author of a paper concerning "High
Power, High Efficiency Oscillators."
University of California hopes to
win with a paper on "The Measure
ment and Distribution of the Sun's
Magnetic Field," written by H. E.
Kinerk.
Santa Clara, third competing uni
versity, is entering an article on
"The San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge Radio Telephone System,"
authorized by Bronco student D. R.
Tibbetts.
