# STANFORD MAN ALASKA BOUND
## 
### 

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.

Edgar Levin, education graduate at Stanford shown above with two of
his Alaskan dogs. He leaves May 5 for Alaska with Father Hubbard, "the
glacier priest," to make geological studies.
