# CREEL NOT QUITE SURE
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 l/Pt.—
George Creel said he hud not de
cided definitely whether he would
become a candidate for governor of
California.
