# New Military Steads Named
## 
### 
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
Alan Kelsey was elected captain
of the local chapter, Company F,
Fifth Regiment, of Scabbard and
Blade, national honorary military
society, to succeed retiring President
Philippe Gamier at annual elections
held Tuesday evening, it was an
nounced yesterday.
Bill Enemark is the new first lieu
tenant or vice-president, George
Wyman will be second lieutenant or
treasurer, and Milo Tally was elected
first sergeant or secretary.
Stanford's chapter, which was es
tablished in 1923, has been active in
University activities, sponsoring the
popular military ball in the winter
quarter and the annual horse show
held late in spring quarter.
Other retiring officers of the or
ganization are Vice-President Car
roll Mitchell, Secretary Charles
Bates, and Treasurer Alan Kelsey.
