# WALKER CUP TEAM SAILS FOR MATCHES IN SCOTLAND
## 
### 

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj

The United States Walker cup team sailed aboard the S. S. Caledonia for the golfing wars in Scot
land. Front row, left to right: George T. Dunlap. jr., national amateur champion; .lohnny Goodman,
national open champion; W. Lawson Little jr.: H. Chandler Egan, former amateur champion. Rear row:
Harold Pierce, treasurer; Johnny Fischer, Gus Moreland. Cact. Franr.is Ouimet. Ma* Marston. Jack West
land. (Associated Press Photgj
