# Union Club To Play Host At Dinner Dance Saturday
## 
### 
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
The Union Club will be host to
75 couples at its formal dinner
dance to be held next Saturday eve
ning. The dinnner will be at 6:45
o'clock in the main dining room of
the Union and the dancing is sched
uled to begin at 8:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The spring motif is to be carried
out in both the dinner and club
house decorations with soft artistic
lighting, red and white hawthorne
blossoms, and many-colored spring
flowers being arranged lor. The or
chestra will be announced at a later
date.
