# Cardinals Will Discuss Varied Agenda Tonight
## 
### 
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
Cardinals will meet tonight at
7:15 in the Excom room, an
nounced Joan McDonough, chair
man.
The agenda will he:
Membership %
Keg Dance
Nitery
Traditions
I'ow- Wow
Olympic Day
