# China Awaits Civil War End
## 
### 
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
CHUNGKING, Tuesday, Jan. 8
(UP).—Chinese National and Com
munist leaders, after a momentous
three-hour conference with Gen.
George C. Marshall, said today lhat
rease fire orders to end China's 10-
year civil war were expected within
two or three days.
Marshall, President Truman's per
sonal ambassador in China, held his
first formal conference yesterday
with representatives of the rival fac
tions. Gen. Chang Chun, Szechwan
province governor and government
representative at the conference, and
Gen. Chou En-lai, Communist rep
resentative, told Chinese reporters
that the end of hostilities was near.
"A government order to cease fire
is expected before Jan. 10," Chang
:;aid.
"A Communist cease fire order is
expected within two or three days,"
the Communist representative said.
Authoritative sources said that the
leading topic of today's discussions
was the mechanics of the cease-fire
order, and three related subjects:
restoration of communications dis
rupted by the civil war, lifting of the
blockade by either party against
territories held by the other, and
the dispatch of neutral observers to
war-torn areas.
