# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
Ho^esiclc
How your feet will tin
gle to the syncopating
melody of HERMAN
HELLER'S sobbing sax
ophones when they play
this new and popular
foxtrot with the Rose
Room Bowl Orchestra-
Dinner dances every eve
ning except Sunday.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner cover
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
