# STRAWBERRY BLONDES OF COLORADO ARE ORGANIZED
## 
### 
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
COLORADO A. & M. COLLEGE—
Seven red-headed students at the Colo
rado State Agricultural and Mechan
ical College have banded themselves
together to ward off the onslaughts of
those who possess hirsute appendages
of a less spectacular hue. "United we
stand but divided we get razzed" is
the guiding note of the A. O. B. T.,
which is so far made up entirely of
officers, like the Confederate army.
Membership is open to both sexes, and
candidates must have naturally red
hair. If they dye, they will dye to
gether.
