# MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT SUBJECT OF ESSAYS
## 
### 
The National Municipal League an
nounces that the William H. Baldwin
Prize of $100 for 1923 will be given
for the best essay on a subject con
nected with Municipal government.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, of the Politi
cal Science department, heads the com
mittee on prizes.
The subjects for this year are: "City
Managership as a 'Profession," "The
Non-partisan Movement in American
Cities," and "The Functions of Muni
cipal Bureaus of Information, Com
plaint, and Legal Aid."
Although contributions are received
from all over the country, they are not
numerous. The competitors, according
to Professor Cottrell, seldom number
more than fifteen. Heretofore, most of
the manuscripts have been written by
students in Eastern colleges. The fact
that the City Manager form of govern
ment has been in existence for several
years in many Western cities, he says,
should give the students in this sec
tion a better opportunity for material
on the first subject, especially. Three
Stanford men have entered the com
petition, selecting this topic on which
to write.
