# Adv. 15 Page 9
## 
### 
January 31,2008 5:15-6:45 p.m.
Bishop Auditorium - Stanford GSB
Gene Zelazny - McKinsey & Co. NY
Make the Most of Your Next
Presentation
Contact: Management Comm Program
650-725-1914
My name is Rev Father Patrick La
i have two English bulldog 1 male
and 1 female i will like to give
out my puppie ..if you are instr
ested in the puppies.kindly get
back to me this is my e-mail...
rev_patricklarsonll@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $10G/night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Afterschool/evening childcare
needed 2-3 days a week.
Driving, homework help, and meal
prep. Clean CA DLand ref. req.
Please call (650) 941-9889.
Ret Eng Mom seeking care
position. Infant or afterschool
408.507.6535
Seeking a sitter for one weekend
