# Adv. 18 Page 9
## 
### 
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
Alum with years of experience in
drafting, editing & fine-tuning
employment applic. materials.
Create a polished resume and
professional templates. Includes
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj)hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
