# Adv. 16 Page 9
## 
### 
nighVwk (approx SPM -11 PM)
for our two daughters 2 and 6
yrs old. Close to University Ave
email: kmcnutthart@hotmail.com
with phone number and experience
$20/ hr 650.321.8399
T/W/Th after school nanny needed
Portola Valley. Easy kids 10& 8.
T/Th 2:30-6:00, Wed 12:306:00.
Same 3 days for 9-hrs in summer.
$15-$2O/hr, DOE. 650-980-1361 or
elle-0005@stanfordalumni.org
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing child care evenings
and weekends. Please call
(650)723-2660.
Blood donors for research study
needed. Local biotech needs
HEALTHYindividuaJs for anonymous
collection. Brief medical
questionnaire is required.
$100/ collection. Contact
healthydonors@aviir.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
www.SPERME3ANK.com
Exceptional Egg Donors Needed
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified,
responsible applicants. All
Ethnicities welcome. Special
need for Jewish, Asian & East
Indian donors. Close personal
support by experienced donor.
Contact Dawn @ 951 -696-7466
www.fertilityaltematives.com/
eggdonors
