# Scholar Likes IIR Programs
## 
### 
Emmanuel Andah, soccer-play
ing scholar from Ghana, is enthu
siastic about the Institute of In
ternational Relations' focus on
Africa, and the general interest
at Stanford in African affairs.
"The lIR program is very prof
itable for Stanford students," An
dah said. "It can bring Africa
into a new, clearer light." He
cited the Congo situation as one
which is misleading for Ameri
cans about Africa. "The Congo is
a shame, not only on the Congo
lese, but on all Africa," he com
mented.
Andah sees the lIR African
Forum as an expression of a
search for truth by students about
Africa and its problems. lie is a
participant in tlie llR's African
Desk, which developed the current
program featuring noted African
officials speaking and participat
ing in discussions with Stanford
students.
Andah is a junior economics
major, here on a one-year ASSU
scholarship. "Stanford is one of
tlie most respected American uni
versities in Ghana," Andah said.
Graduates are almost assured a
responsible post in the govern
ment, if they desire one, he said.
