# TOMMIES PAUSE ON EGYPT FRONT
## 
### 

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)

.AFTER ( APTI'RINC• A NAZI forward strongpoint on I In* El Alanicin front, these British Tommies feel
entitled Jo a rest. Smoke of battle lies over (he scene, and a dead German lies beside his equipment in the
center. (Photo radioed Cairo-New York.)
