# Williams College Abolishes Rushes.
## 
### 
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
The dean of Williams College lias
announced that hereafter hazing of
freshmen by sophomores, or claso
rushes of any kind between the two
lower classes will be absolutely for
bidden. The action was taken as the
result of unusual and excessive forms
of hazing which the 1910 men em
ployed this fall.
