# SUBSTITUTES PLAY TOMORROW.
## Second Fifteen Will Journey To Santa Clara To Line Up Against Collegians. 
### 
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
The second Rugby fifteen will play
Santa Clara College on the hitter's
grounds tomorrow afternoon. The
team and substitutes will leave Palo
Alto on the 12:56 train, and will
return immediately after the conclu
sion of the game. Following is the
original line-up: Batterson, Rhyne,
Hine, Gay, Higley, Myers, Luhrs,
forwards; Malone, wing forward:
Little, half; Vail, Chandler, fives;
Jordan, center; Drew, Cole, wings:
Rogers, full.
