# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
The "navy mother" of 1944 is Mrs.
Nellie H. Twele of Baltimore, whose
husband and six sons are in military
service.
