# This'll Teach Him a Lesson!
## 
### 
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
Reddest face of the week belongs
to an Italian 9-L student who ini
tiated a rumor that three other stu-

dents in Pierce
Hall were on ship
ping orders. (That
was befre issu
ance of the War
Department di
rective relative to
the curtailment of
ASTP.)
By the time the
rumor had made
the usual rounds,
via the usual
channels, it came
back to the orig
inator, only his

name had been added to the project
ed shipping list.
The student went directly to the
C.O. to determine when he was
leaving.
"Only a rumor," he was told.


RED FACE
