# Farm Golfers To Vie In Tournament Sunday
## 
### DICK BLOCK 
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
The first golf tournament at Stan
lord in 1944 will be held on the
campus links Sunday. Forty-eight
eager contestants are awaiting the
tee-off at 3 o'clock. Betty Jean
Packer and Stan Bahnsen have com
piled a schedule of entrants and
starting times, and with the cry
"Fore!" Ihe championships will be
gin.
Match in Sixsomes
The match will be in sixsomes in
stead of the previously announced
foursomes. Starting times have been
arranged so that a sixsome starts
every five minutes from 3 o'clock on.
Entrants have been grouped as close
as possible according to their abili
i ies.

Bob Rosburg of Garfield H;dl lias
had numerous wins in outside com
petition. To followers of the game
his name has been familiar in
tournaments for the last six years.
The 17-year-old wonder who hails
from San Francisco has toppled
many greats, far beyond him in age
and experience. Another top player
is Betty Jean Rucker, who has also
uopped many wins.
Agreement Reached
An agreement has been reached by
the course officials allowing the en
trants to use the fairways for the
nominal charge of 50 cents. The
Women's Athletic Association will
present golf balls as prizes for the
I winners.
