# IN THE SERVICE
## 
### 
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
Chesley Richard Osborn of Pasa
dena, former member of the Farm
varsity rugby and soccer teams, waa
commissioned an ensign in the Na
val Reserve and designated naval
aviator recently at the Naval Re
serve Air Training Base in Florida.
