# Poloists to Play Utah Quartet
## 
### 
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
Stanford's polo team will face a
tough Utah U. quartet this after
noon at 4 o'clock on the Highway
Field.
Although the Indian mounted
malleteers have three veterans rid
ing at the 2, 3, and back positions,
they will be underdogs to the Utes,
one of the better college polo teams
in the country.
Leading the invaders is Patrick
Fentcn, captain of the team and
cadet-colonel of the Utah R.O.T.C.
unit. He is backed up by Blaine
Glassman, Hubert Muttal, John
Mortensen, and Ed Cannon.
The Cardinals' probable starting
line-up will include Bill Dirker at
the No. 1 spot, Joe Smith at No. 2,
Art LaPrade, No. 3, and Stan Glik
bang as back. It is undecided as yet
as to who will start the game with

Captain Fenten for the school across
the prairie.
Today's game will be the first of
the season for the local team, and
also the first of a two-game series
with Utah. The two teams will hold
a second match here Friday after
noon.
The team, which Major Francis
Gairecht, Indian polo coach, terms
as one of the best in recent years, is
scheduled to go to Tucson soon to
take on the University of Arizona
polo team in a two-game series.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12 (UP).—Uni
versity of Washington's football
legulars returned to active drill
today after a one-day layoff. Coach
Jimmy Phelan mapped defensive
assignments for the Southern Cali
fornia fracas here Saturday.
