# Giant Chappie On Sale Today
## Cover Will Keynote Big Football Edition 
### 
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
Forty pages of Big Game Chapar- |
ral — including a seasonal surprise
for football fans—go on the Quad
stands at 8 o'clock this morning.
Jack Hurt drew the cover with its
Big Game theme, and Frank Hewitt
evolved a full page on Chappie's
jaunt behind the scenes of Fortune,
Life, and Time magazines.
Two newcomers to the Old Boy's
contributors staff are Harry Mu
heim, Gaieties director, with his
"I'd Rather Be Inactive," and Betty
Brown with her full page of draw
ings and bitter prose debunking the
glamor week-end: "Count Ten—or
Why Do We Do It?" all about Del
Monte. Johnny Lawry returns with
"Chalk Talk," the cold dope on the
Shaughnessy "T," and Fellow has
written "Mean Man, the Care and
Feeding of Referees," all about the
life of lago Spleen and his gridiron
tactics.
Ben Parkinson, one of last year's
versatile frosh, produced "How to
Wise Up" for the November Chap
pie, and Malcolm MacKillop figured
out "All About Records," a take-off
on the disc-ussions popular in col
lege magazines.
Cartoonists for this issue are Ed
McLellan, Barney McClurc, Frank
Hewitt, John Elliott, Aitch Elliott,
and Bob Rieser.
