# STRIKE DEADLOCKED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12 (UP).
Negotiations for settlement of the
ve-weeks-old strike against Pa
ific Coast steam schooners were
leadlocked again today after ship
iwners rejected a series of new
wace proposals submitted by the
independent Marine Firemen's Un-
