# Men's Vocom Test Offer Ends Today
## 
### 
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
Today is the last day to take ad
vantage of the special Men's Voca
tional Committee offer in which the
Vocom has been selling Strong Vo
cational Interest tests to men stu
dents at a reduced price of $1 per
test.
Members of Vocom have been
going around to the various men's
living groups with the tests and
will continue doing so today, but
men not contacted in this way may
buy the tests at the A.S.S.U. office
up to 5 o'clock.
