# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
1- • I
SEE P.T. s
New Crew-cut
KHAKIS
in White
$5.95
Also traditional tans
in same style.
No pleats with Harvard
Strap.
Phelps
Teifeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
