# Libe Official at Meet
## 
### 
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
William B. Ready, library official,
is in Chicago attending the Ameri
can Library Association Convention.
Me will return to Stanford on Mon
day.
