# FCC Violation Forces KZSU off Air Temporarily
## 
### 
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
KZSU left the air yesterday after
noon to adjust their transmitters to
conform to regulations of the Fed
eral Communications Commission.
Service was resumed last night.
Station Manager Walt Epinette is
sued a statement to the Daily last
night, saying: "A routine FCC in
vestigation showed we were radiat
ing in excess of the amount of power
allowed. Steps are to be taken at
once to reduce the amount of pow
er."
Epinette said that adjustments
should be completed by the end of
the week, and that the strength of
KZSU on campus radios would be
"approximately the same."
