# 9,000 Mem to Aid In A-Bomb Fests
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
WASHINGTON — The Defense '
Department announced today that
9,000 servicemen, including a group
of helicopter - borne Marines, will
take part in the Nevada atomic tests
J this month.
The military phase of the tests,
dubbed "Operation Teapot," is
planned "to evaluate the cffect of
new and improved nuclear weapons"
j in the nation's ever-growing arse
-11;i], the Department said.
