# El Capitan Elections
## 
### 
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
El Capitan eating club announced
recently ' that Harold Tennant was
elected president of that organiza- i
tion.
Other new officers are Robert Col
lins, vice-president; Ron L. Gilles
pie, secretary; and Tan Tek Lum,
treasurer.
