# Undergraduate Scholarships
## 
### 
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
The James F. Lincoln Arc Weld
ing Foundation has announced its
Eighth Annual Engineering Under
graduate Award, involving cash
prizes of $750, $500. and $250 for the
three best papers submitted on an
arc - welded design of a machine,
machine component, structure, or
structural part. This competition is
open to students in every branch of
engineering. It closes June 27. En
trance blanks may be obtained in
Room 271, Engineering Corner.
♦ * *
Junior or senior engineering stu
dents interested in tool and produc
tion engineering are eligible to ap
ply for an ASTE International Edu
cational Award. Ten grants of $700
will be made for the 1955-56 aca
demic year. Information and blanks
are available in Room 271, Engi
neering. The deadline for applica
tions is Feb. 15.
