# TICKET APPLICATIONS ARE DUE THIS WEEK.
## 
### 
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
All applications for big game tick-:
ets should be in the hands of Grad-j
uate Manager R. W. Wilcox by Satur
day, October 11, at 5 o'clock. Those
received after this time will be filed
in order of application. Students and
faculty should file applications imme
diately to assist the Graduate Mana
ger.
