# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
An inter-collegiate fencing tourna
ment is being planned for next Semes
ter.
