# Quakers Discuss Vital UN Topics
## 
### 
In honor of UN Week, the Quaker
organization will present a discus
sion on "Parents, Youth, and War"
tomorrow at the First Unitarian
Church in San Francisco from 1 to
5:30 p.m.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 an illus
trated talk, "The New Road in Fin
land," will be given by David Col
burn at the Palo Alto Community
Center. Colburn was director of a
Quaker International Work Camp
in Finland last summer.
Stanford Quaker representatives
are making plans to carry out a de
cision made recently by an inter
collegiate peace conference. They
will have forums and debates and
act as an information center for
problems and activities concerning
peace. Anyone interested should
meet Monday at 7:45 p.m. in Room
53 of Cubberlev.
