# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
FORTUNE TAXI
Phone P. A. 19
108 CIRCLE
Phone 36
EAGLE DRUG CO.
Masonic Temple
Stanford Poßtala. Palo Alto. Cal
y'V.t
—
'* ' V / ' •' ' '
Arrow
C^^oOLLARS
CLITETT, PEABODY & ( 0., IN<M A K ERS
