# Prescribed Error.
## 
### 
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
"What is the meaning of 'false doc
trine,' Willie?'' asked the Sunday-school
teachcr.
"It's when the doctor gives the wrong
stuff to a sick man," replied Willie.-
Pearson's IVeeklv.
