# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
All members of the Fresh
man Class meet in room 214,
at 7:30, Wednesday evening—
very important.
(Signed) J. E. McDOWELL,
Dean of Men.
