# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
No Cramming Necessary!
For swell flavor and
real chewing fun-the
answer is delicious
Wrigley's Spearmint Gum
