# War in Brief
## 
### 
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
Increasing Japanese pressure
against the forces of all the United
Nations in the Far East was evi
dent yesterday as the enemy be
gan an intense offensive agaisnt
General Mat-Arthur's Philippine
defenders; made an abortive in
vasion attempt on Singapore
island; continued to gain in the
Dutch East Indies fighting; and
claimed their gain in Burma had
made the Burma Itoad "useless."
The only detailed report of last
week's great naval battle of the
Macassar Straits to come from
either side was issued yesterday
at Batavia, where Dutch fliers
claimed to have sunk a Jap battle
ship.
The J a pi* claimed that the U.S.
fleet actions in the Marshall
Islands were "repulsed," and that
damage was "slight."
The Russians yesterday ac
knowledged their first setback
since the start of their winter of
fensive in admitting the recapture
of Feodosiya, in the Crimea, by
the Germans.
News from Lybia was increas
ingly bad for the Allies; Cairo ad
mitted that the Axis counter-of
fensive has carried within (iO to
100 miles of Dcrna.
