# POLISH TROOPS TRAIN IN CANADA
## 
### 

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.

I'NDER TliE DliriANT E'lAfiLI 1 ] of (In* Polish Republic, fighting men of (hree services fraternize in a
(raining camp in Canada. From (he lef(: an airman, a soldier, and a sailor. Sailors and airmen are given
only preliminary (raining in Canada, al Owen Sound, soldiers remaining for a longer period before being
sent overseas. Canada is training important numbers of refuge forces for showdown battle with Nazis and
Italians.
