# S.A.E. PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John A. "Tiny" Mo
sher, '43, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
