# Farm Favored At Ski Meet In November
## 
### 
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
Stanford will probably be a heavy
favorite in the coming University of
Nevada annual winter sports carni
val, which will be held Feb. 13, 14,
and 15.
Setting the pace will be Bob Blatt,
who took first place in both the
downhill and slalom races in the re
cent Badger Pass Invitational meet
last week-end. Blatt set a new rec
ord for the Rail Creek downhill run.
Art Sweetzer placed seventh in the
downhill and fourth in the slalom
race last week-end.
Stanford will be represented at
Reno by a team which will include
Jack Ditz, Herb Obexer, Rex Rath
bun, Walt Smith, Art Sweetzer,
and Bob Blatt. Two other men who
have not as yet been chosen will
also be sent.
Besides the meet the winter carni
val at Reno will feature numerous
after-skiing activities open to visi
tors. Special low cost facilities in
clude hotel accommodations ranging
from $1.75 to $4 a night. Excellent
meals are served in Reno for $1.95 a
day. For parties of from 15 to 99
persons round trip coach fares to
Reno from San Francisco are $5.94
plus 5 per cent federal tax.
