# QUAD SPACE DEADLINE
## 
### 
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
Organizations who want to reserve
space in the 1942 Quad must do so
this week, according to Business
Manager Ralph Clark. Any organi
zation desiring space, which has not
been contacted or made a reserva
tion. should phone 3308 or get in
touch with Clark before Thursday.
