# WOMEN ARENâ€™T MISERS
## 
### 
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
Women buy 85 per cent of the
merchandise sold in the United
States, according to recent advertis
ing polls.
