# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
Basketball originated in the Middle
West, but Yale had the first col
lege team.
