# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Certain well-known opponents
of public education in general, and
of non-sectarian higher education
in particular, have recently made
ill-tempered attacks upon the Uni
versity. These have been based
upon mis-statements of factandlin
correct assumptions as to the gov
ernment of the institution and as
to the moving spirit of the Found
ers in the foundation and endow
ment of the University. The rec
ord, ideals, and purposes of the
Founders are so far above doubt or
controversy, and the great funda
mental principles of the founda
tion are so well established by the
uniform experience of all really
great educational institutions of
this country, that vicious attacks
upon them are no longer worthy of
consideration.
