# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
TKANCOS OFFICERS
Trancos House has elected Jim
Towne, president; Henry Briggs,
secretary and publicity chairman;
C. Matzen Rathuchaer, exchange
chairman; Nancy Register, fresh
man women’s representative; Ken
Lincoln, social chairman; Gary
Schoolnik, cultural chairman;
Mike Sterling, intramural chair
man; and J. Carl Shaner, business
manager.
