# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
MADERA OFFICERS
Madera House has elected Jim
Cruzen, president; Edgar Kaiser,
social chairman; Bill Slattery, cul
tural chairman: Charlie Hawkins,
intramural chairman; Rudy Gon
zales, house manager; Gary Sev
erson, first floor representative
at large; Brad Lee, second floor
representative at large; and Bob
Fine, third floor representative at
large.
