# Motorist's Speeding Excuse Not Okayed
## 
### 
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
AUKLAND, New Zealand
(UPI)—A motorist, issued a
summons for speeding, explained
in traffic court yesterday he ac
celerated suddenly in order to
break a spider’s web that was
jamming his speedometer needle.
The magistrate, imposing a $l5
fine, told the defendant he was
charged with speeding not
harming spiders.
