# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathleen Norris, '40.
