# Dey Beats Lynch In Round Robin
## 
### 
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
Ben Dey defeated Jack Lynch in a
challenge tennis match yesterday,
G-l, 6-4. Dey remains the only un
defeated netman in the round robin
tournament, which will determine
permanent ladder positions for the
varsity squad.
Challenge matches will continue,
if weather permits, every afternoon
this week. The first doubles match
will be played Friday with Dey and
Seward, present national intercol
legiate champions, playing Under
wood and Pommer.
