# NAZI SOLDIERS ENTER OSLO
## 
### 

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.

PRECEDED BY A BRASS BAND, stecl-hclmcted Nazi soldiers are shown here marching through "blitz
kriegfied" Oslo, capital of Norway, according to Berlin censors who released the picture. Flashed from
Berlin by radio, this was the first photo of the German invasion released in the U.S.
