# "LINDBERGH TRAIL"
## 
### 
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
"Flying the Lindbergh Trail." a
technicolor travelogue, will be shown
in the Education Auditorium at 4:15
o'clock today. Sponsored by the
Romanic languages department, the
film follows (he route taken by
Lindbergh on his South American
flight. The public is invited.
Asparagus has been known and
p'ized as food lrom earliest Roman
times.
