# TRACK MAY BE SOLD
## 
### 
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
SAN MATEO, April 17 (UP).-Bay
Meadows, northern California's larg
est racetrack, may be sold by the
California Jockey Club to the San
Mateo Fiesta Association, it was re
vealed today.
The State Board of Education has
authorized a four-year technical col
lege, offering a bachelor of science
degree, at California State Poly
technic.
