# Adv. 28 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
