# Ike Views Hearings
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
WASHINGTON, April 29 (UP) —
President Eisenhower, once showing
evident disdain, said today he does
n't consider the stormy Army-Mc-
Carthy hearings very much to talk
about and hopes they will end
quickly.
He told a news conference rather
curtly that he never had discussed
Army treatment of Private G. David
Schine, whom he referred to as "this
private."
