# FROSH NINE FACE RICHMOND
## 
### 
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
Hurling duties in tomorrow's frosh
baseball encounter with Richmond
High will be divided among Ed Ver
durmen, Dick Jones, and Ray Loo
ney. Each will pitch three innings.
