# Frost Top-Seeded At Pebble Beach
## 
### 
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
Stanford's four top tennis players
travel to Pebble Beach for the Peb
ble Beach Invitational Intercolle
giate Tournament today through
Sunday.
The Stanford team will consist of
top - seeded Jack Frost, Art Fish,
Gary Gray, and Jim Cornish, under
the guidance of Coach Bob Pienker.
Competing will be four - man
j teams representing favored Califor
nia, USC, Modesto JC. and several
other colleges.
Threatening Frost for individual
honors in the tourney will be Cal's
I Cliff Mayne and Modesto's Jerry
Moss.
