# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
Santa Clara College defeated tho
California freshmen Saturday by fi
score of 18-5 and the varsity defejited
the Barbarians 6-0.
