# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
|
WHAT'S
THE ANGLE?
absolute none. As a
matter off act, we're
probably what you
might call square.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
not at all. We will allow
you 20% OFF on
any purchase with
your ASSU Card.
It's that simple.
WHY NOT
come into Carlyle
Jewelers and see for
yourself. We're located
at 535 bryant st.,
downtown palo alto.
DA 3-2834
