# TABLE OF CONTENTS
## 
### 
FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






FOOTBALL 3
Every fall, Stanford fans speculate whether this is the year

. . . Will the Cardinal
make it to the Rose
Bowl? Will the
Cardinal make it to any
bowl? What our writers
think, what the experts
think and what the
home-games-only band
announcer thinks
about the Cardinal on
the gridiron in '82; also
what the Dollies
(cheerleaders) think on
the sidelines while the
others are thinking.

SCOUTING REPORTS 6
How did the team do last year? Is the coach any good ? Are

there any outstanding
prospects coming in?
Who do they play? A
guide to making the
right bets on all 23 of
Stanford's varsity
sports teams. We'll tell
you how the fencing
team will fare; how the
basketball team will
bounce; how the soccer
team will score and
much more. _

PHOTO SPREAD 9
Stanford — 35, Purdue — 14. The Cardinal gets off to a

good start this season.
The Daily captures it on
film.

WATER POLO 11
Try beating a3l -0 record and a NCAA championship? Yes,

Stanford's water polo
team has its work cut
out for it. Coach Dante
Dettamanti reservedly
says, "We are a
contender." But with a
coach like Dante
Dettamanti on the pool
deck, players like James
Bergeson in the water
and fantastic records in
the books, it's hard to
imagine them losing
again.

BASKETBALL 13
Dr. Tom Davis has come to the rescue of perhaps

Stanford's most hapless
varsity team. Labeled
as the best young
basketball mind in the
country, Davis will try
to find a way to get
Stanford's basketball
team into shape. But as
Davis says, "You're
only as good as your
talent," and Stanford
has been plagued by
poor recruiting.

FACILITIES 14
Where can I reserve a raquetball court? Can I swim laps

before my eight o'clock
class? Where to run,
jump, hop, and volley;
when it's open; and
how to make
reservations. Take a
break. Utilize
Stanford's extensive
athletic facilities.






