# TABLE OF CONTENTS
## 
### 
THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






THINGS NOT TO MISS
On the first day, it's "Where is the bookstore? What is

Alber's Wall? What is
The Tank 1 ?" But the
novelty of the campus
soon fades, and by the
thirdquarterof
freshman year, students
can be heard grousing
about bookstore lines
and the lack of open
space in contrast to the
plethora of funky
outdoor art. Herein
find a guide to letting
the campus grow on
you.

RESTAURANTS
A culinary review of some of the staple Stanford hangouts,

from health-food
restaurants to greasy
hamburger joints; good
eating on a shoe string.

CINEMASCOPE
Ratings of the movies currently pi

aying around town,
thrown together by a
team of highly
opinionated Daily film
critics.

BOOKS
Just in case you need something to occupy your mind after

reading 500 pages of
Martin Luther,
Thomas Aquinas, and
Darwin — an eclectic
guide to local
bookstores.

CALIFORNIA DIV ERSIONS
Californians have cultivated a reputation for being slightly

w w J
off-beat. A guide to
interesting day
weekend trips off the
beaten track.

SAN FRANCISCO SCENES
A play by play, monument by monument, tour of the

'Babylon by the Bay.'
Points to recognize by
senior year.






