# Freshmen Change Jolly-up Date.
## 
### 
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
Friday, March 2, has been named as
the date of the Freshman Jolly-up,
instead of March 15, the evening
selected for the presentation of the
Sophomore play. Conflicts with other
campus affairs have resulted, but the
change is unavoidable because of the
general confusion in the date book
this month.
