# Roth To Attend Meeting On Water Supply Tonight
## 
### 
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
Comptroller A. E. Roth will repre
sent Stanford at a meeting of the Palo
Alto Exchange Club to be held tonight
in the Community House for the pur
pose of considering the problems of
the water supply of Palo Alto, Stan
ford, and neighboring districts. San
Francisco officials will present a
proposition on the possibility of se
curing water from the Hetch-Hetchy
system.
