# KINSEY, NEER OPPOSE STANFORD NET STARS IN MATCH TOMORROW
## 
### 
Stanford tennis fans will have an
opportunity to see four net stars per
form Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock,
when Howard Kinsey and Phil Neer,
'27, of the California Tennis Club
meet Keith Gledliill and Johnny Doeg
of Stanford In an exhibition doubles
match here on the varsity courts.
Kinsey, a former Davis Cup player,
was national doubles champion with
his brother, and is at present head
professional at the California Tennis
Club. Neer won the national intercol
legiate doubles championship with
Jimmy Davies, while at Stanford, be
sides being former intercollegiate
singles champion.
The records of both Gledliill and
Doeg are familiar to all tennis fans
on the campus. Gledhill, a transfer
from Santa Barbara Junior College,
was second in the national junior
rankings of 1928, and won the Cali
fornia State singles tournament the
same year. Doeg was eighth in the
national men's rankings last year.
This summer he won the singles in
the Longwood Bowl tournameut at
Philadelphia.
