# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
If the Athletic Committee re
fuses to allow the one year resi
dence provision of the Intercolleg
iate agreement to go into force,
Stanford will be placed in an un
fortunate position. The proposal
has been made by Stanford repre
sentatives. Now our committee,
disavowing any opposition to the
one year residence principle, ques
tions the adequacy of the clause
and asks for the adoption of such a
measure to be postponed until next
year.
