# Greek Comedy at Beloit.
## 
### 
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
Greek students at Beloit College,
which has gained almost national
reputation for the Greek tragedies
presented annually for the past ten
years, have entered a new field.
The sophomore class will present
the first Greek comedy ever at
tempted in the West, and the sec
ond in the country. —Daily Cardi
nal.
