# U.C.L.A. Chem Laboratory Destroyed by $100,000 Fire
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. (#>)—Fire !
of unknown origin destroyed .the
chemical laboratory of the University
of California at Los Angeles this |
morning, with a loss estimated at
$100,000. The laboratory was housed
in a two-story frame building which j
was gutted by the flames. Firemen I
expressed the belief that the blaze
was started by a chemical explosion.
