# California Court Squad Beats Kansas Five 33-21
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. (/P) —'The Uni
versity of California basketball squad
opened tlie season here tonight by
outplaying the University of Kansas
quintet in every department of the
game to win 33-21. Stevens, California
forward, was the individual star ol ,
the game, scoring four Held goals j
and a free throw for a total of nine
points.
