# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Victory has again perched on
the cardinal standard. The base
ball triumph last Saturday was a
most welcome one, and deserves all
the enthusiasm that it has engen
dered. Many had predicted defeat
and scarcely any were sanguine
enough to anticipate a victor}'. It
may seem unnecessary to sound the
oft-repeated hut wise warning that
victory should not result in negli
gence, but the hardest practise is
yet essential if we hope to win the
intercollegiate series. The game
last Saturday was ours only by a
margin, and many faults remain
to be corrected before the team can
put up the old type of Stanford
ball that has won us thechampion
ship heretofore. Berkeley had
larger hopes of winning this year
than ever before, and it can not be
assumed that she will be idle be
tween now and the next game.
