# Corps Now in 46 Countries
## 
### 
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
Over 5,300 Peace Corps Vol
unteers were serving in 46 coun
tries in Africa, Latin Anicrica,
the Near and Far East at the end
of the summer.
The heaviest concentration of
Volunteers was in Latin Amer
ica, where Peace Corps projects
were under way in 1 7 countries.
Two thousand Volunteers were
working south of the border.
There were programs in 15 Afri
can nations.
Volunteers also were serving
in four Far Eastern countries
and eight nations in North Afri
ca, the Near East and South
Asia.
There were more than 4,300
Volunteers in training in the
United States, Puerto Rico and
the Virgin Islands.
