# SERIES ENDS FRIDAY
## 
### 
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
The Albeneri string trio will coir
plete their Stanford series this Fri
day evening in the Memorial Au
ditorium at 8.
