# Ram's Head Seeking Material for Gaieties
## 
### 
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
Prospective funny men who
can write, future Jerome Kerns,
George Gershwins, anyone inter
ested in the Big Game Gaieties,
Stanford's traditional pre - Big
Game laugh revue, are reminded
that Ram's Head needs scripts,
songs, skit ideas, and music.
Anyone interested should con
tact Newton Arnold, associate di
rector. at Memorial Hall or room
!!07, Kncina Hall. The Gaieties
are not scheduled for production
until next quarter, hut there is
plenty of room for material.
