# SPEAKER?
## 
### 

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)

Representative Henry T. Rainey
lias the support of many Democrats
in the House to succeed Vice-Presi
dent-Elcct John N. Garner as
Speaker next March. (AP Photo)
