# SKULL AND SNAKES
## 
### 
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
Skull and Snakes, men's hon
orary society, announces the
pledging of the following men:
Bert Delmas, Gerald Trautman,
Kenneth AfTlerbaugh, John Ly
man, Jack Hillman, Fred Scrib
ner, John Hancock, Harold
Edelen, Dave Packard, Gus
Meier, Bill Miller, and Joe
Coughlin.
