# HOW SOON WILL THESE COME BACK?
## 
### 

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)

The current question, "How soon wi,ll legalized beer return?" has
brought memories of pre-prohibition days when signs advertised five
cent beer. This picture shows a view of such signs on a Chicago street—
years ago. (Associated Press Photo)
