# ELLINGTON LEAVES FOR CANADA
## 
### 
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
Bill Ellington, Stanford track coach,
left. Saturday for an extended tour of
Canada. Bill will return early in Sep
tember.
Phi Delta Thota was the first fra
ternity to have a house on the campus.
