# Students Still Republican, Poll Shows; Faculty Endorses Roosevelt Regime
## FACULTY 
### 
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
Faculty members, in direct con
trast to students, gave President
Roosevelt a strong plurality in an
independent presidential poll con
ducted yesterday by Pi Sigma Alpha,
honorary political science society.
With about half of the faculty and
assistants voting, Roosevelt polled
105 votes or 46 per cent of the 226
total; Landon, 89 or 39 per cent,
Thomas, 25 or 9 per cent. Browder
had four supporters and "Strangler"
Lewis, as a write-in, and Lemke tied
at one vote each.
In the poll conducted by Benjamin
Bock, ballots were left with depart
mental secretaries Tuesday and col
lected and tabulated today. Votes of
the faculty were counted separately
from those of technical, research,
and teaching assistants. Assisting
Bock in the poll were: Hayden Cook,
Alice Louise Clark, Elinor Kahn,
Jane Hildebrand, and Otis Bruba
kcr.
Faculty Votes by Departments
Schools of Biological and Physical
Sciences: Landon, 11; Roosevelt, 11;
Browder, 1; "Strangler" Lewis, 1.
School of Engineering: Landon, 25;
Roosevelt, 8. School of Education
and Men's Physical Education: Lan
don, 5; Roosevelt, 5; Thomas, 3.
Schools of Law and Business: Lan
don, 13; Roosevelt, 4; Thomas, 1.
School of Social Science (including
Food Research): Landon, 8; Roose
velt, 34; Thomas, 7; Browder, 2.
School of Arts and Letters: Landon,
13; Roosevelt, 22; Lemke, 1; Thomas,
5; Browder, 1.
Total: Landon, 75: Roosevelt, 84;
Thomas, 16; Browder, 4; Lemke, 1;
"Strangler" Lewis, 1. Total votes
faculty—lBl.
Assistants
School of Social Sciences: Landon,
3; Roosevelt, 15; Thomas, 8. Schools
of Biological and Physical Sciences:
Landon, 3; Roosevelt, 1; Thomas, 1.
Schools of Arts and Letters: Landon,
6; Roosevelt, 5; Browder, 1. Schools
of Law and Business: Landon, 2.
Total: Landon, 14; Roosevelt, 21;
Thomas, 9; Browder, 1. Total assist
ants—4s. Ciand total—226.
