# Cap and Gowners Develop Tea Plans
## 
### 
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
Further plans for the forthcoming
Cap and Gown tea in honor of new
women, to be held at the home of
Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were de
veloped by senior Cap and Gowners
at a meeting with alumni repre
sentatives yesterday.
In recognition of scholarship and
participation in activities, Cap and
Gown, women's honor society, an
nually chooses outstanding junior
and senior women to its member
ship. Present incumbent members
are: Phyllis Boothe, Margaret Wool
verton, Helen Grover, Annalee
Whitmore, Ruth Goodan, Adrienne
Johnston, and Esther Pelton. Eight
junior women are yet to be chosen.
The earliest known date inscribed
upon what is known as a "grand
father's clock" is 1681.
