# Once Upon a Saturday Afternoon—
## 
### 


NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.



NEW NAMES to the Stanford hall of football fame arc these: Tony Calvelli (left) will start at the all
important fullback spot against U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles tomorrow. This is his first year of competition.
Louis "Chooch" Tsoutsouvas, starting center, is a sen or but had the misfortune to play behind Mullcr and
Brandin the last two years. Leo Ferko (right) has b«n starting at left guard all season and will carry on
against U.C.L.A. He was a member of the Grays last year.

