# GSB admits record MBA class
## 
### â€“ Baker Tilney 
The Master of Business Administration
(MBA) program at Stanford's Graduate
School of Business consistently ranked
among the top in the country admitted a
record 406 students to its Class of 2015.
Applications rose for the second year in
a row, from 6,716 to 7,108, following the
trend at other highly ranked business
schools. The admission statistics an
nouncement pointed to fluctuating demo
graphics as proof of Stanford's personal
rather than categorical approach to admis
sions.
The Class of 2015 is comprised of stu
dents from 54 countries and over 180 edu
cational institutions. Percentages of both
women and U.S. minorities increased, as
did the number of humanities and sciences
majors compared to business and engi
neering.
