# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
Today the Giants encounter Boston
in a twilight double-header and
Brooklyn is scheduled to run head
on into Robih Roberts (18-6) of the
Phillies.
