# Baby Girl Born To Chuck Taylors
## 
### 
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
''But Coach, we needed more
manpower," is the obvious funny
to pop after the arrival in the
Chuck Taylor family early yes
terday morning of a brand-new
seven - pound 14 - ounce female
heir.
The young lass, as yet unnamed,
was born to Taylor's wife, Marga
ret, at 12:40 a.m. A bit early to
be up, don't you think?
The Taylors have two other
children—Susan, 4 and Douglas, 2.
(Editor's note: Cop/yvatulations,
Chuck!)
