# Twenty Men at Training-Table.
## 
### 
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
The football training - table,
which numbered only eight men at
its inception, has now a full com
plement of Varsity possibilities.
Besides Coaches Clemens and Sla
ker and Assistant Trainer Austin,
there are at present seventeen men
nt the table. The list includes:
Wilbur, McFadden, Magee, Hau
verman, A. Dole, W. Dole, Bans
bach, Clark, Stillman, Bartell,
Montzingo, Jacobs, Sprott, Smith,
McGilvray, Tarpey, and Captain
Lee.
