# No Sousa Concert.
## 
### 
Sousa's band, which was to have
given a concert in Assembly Hall
tomorrow under the auspices of the
Y. M. C. A., has been obliged to
cancel the date. The concert was
scheduled after the season's book
ings had been completed, and to
make way for the Stanford appear
ance it was arranged that tomor
row's matinee at San Jose should
be eliminated. But the San Jose
management has reconsidered its
offer and holds the band to the
original engagement. Mr. C. G.
Lathrop, who has been conducting
the negotiations, and who had vol
unteered to contribute a consider
able sum in case the enterprise did
not prove successful financially,
is still making efforts to secure a
Sousa date for the campus. If he
is successful the band will probably
play here next week.
