# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 15 p.m. of the day
before publication.
