# Lag Life Guards
## 
### 
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
Applications for life guards at La
gunita Boathouse are now being
taken by Bill Tooley, ASSU finan
cial manager, at the ASSU office.-
Life guards live in the boathouse
rooms and work off the rent during
spring quarter when Lake Lagunita
fills. Rent is $20 per quarter.
Applicants must have had previous
life-guarding experience.
