# Remember, Game Is At One P.M., Not Two
## 
### 
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
The game will start at I p.m. to
rn* .row afternoon. The change is
due to the game being televised
nationally. Other home games will
.'tart at the accustomed time of 2
p.m.
