# Lakers Defeat Knicks By 2
## 
### ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
LOS ANGELES The Los
Angeles Lakers stormed from
behind to defeat the New York
Knickerbockers 104-102 in the
Lakers' National Basketball As
sociation home debut Tuesday
night.
The Lakers collected nine
straight points in the last
minutes. With only 4:04 to play,
the Knicks had a 101-91 advan
tage.
Fast Break
But the Lakers got their fast
break going and blazed through
New York's defense with three
driving lay-ups to cut deep into
New York's lead.
With 1:36 left, the Laker's
Jerry West got the ball on a
steal and went full court for a
basket to tie the score 101-101.
Moments later, Elgin Baylor's
free throw put Los Angeles in
front to stay.
A crowd of 8,500 witnessed the
game at the Sport Arena.
Harnett Scores
The victory nullified a sensa
tional performance by ex-Laker
Dick Barnett, who led the Knick
attack with 2H points. Barnett
went to New York in exchange
for Bob Boozer, who saw limited
action and scored only three
points.
High point man for Los An
gelas was West with 31. Baylor,
who was held to six points in the
first half, scored IS for the
night.
