# Humphery Speech Cancelled
## 
### 
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
Vice President Hubert 11.
Humphrey has cancelled his
scheduled appearance at Stsin
-I'ord next week. He was to
sjH'ak in Memorial Auditor
ium on Wednesday, Novem
ber 3 at 11 a.m.
The Vice President's office
offered as a reason for this
change of plans the fact that
Humphrey would have to stay
in Washington for the dura
tion of President Johnson's
convalescence at his Texas
ranch.
