# The 						UOP Stretch
## 
### 

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.

The University of the Pacific
goalie reaches high to deflect a
shot by the Stanford front line
as I)an Boyd waits for the re
bound. Stanford scored three
times in the final quarter to
win, 5-2, last Friday.
