# Stanford economics prof.:
## Health care costs soaring, dominating U.S. economy 
### Katherine Hemela Staff writer 
Health care costs in the United
States are growing considerably
faster than the rest of the eco
nomy, creating a particularly
traumatic effect on other sectors
that compete with health care for
private and public spending, ac
cording to a study by Economics
Prof. Victor Fuchs published in
today's issue of Science magazine.
Fuchs' study shows that the
health sector's share of the gross
national product rose from less
than 5 percent in the late 1940s
to more than 11 percent in the
late 1980s. If present trends con
tinue, the share could reach 15
to 20 percent within the next few
decades, he predicted.
The rapid increase of health
care costs has only two possible
explanations, Fuchs believes. The
prices of inputs into health care
— labor, capital and intermediate
goods and services — have in
creased more rapidly than input
prices in other sectors, and pro
ductivity has increased less
rapidly than in other sectors.
"There is little prospect to sub
stantially alter this trend," said
Fuchs, who is the author of "Who
Shall Live?" and other books on
the health economy.
However, he predicted that
sometime in the near future, the
government is likely to launch a
assault to bring the rate of
growth of health expenditures
closer to the rate of growth of the
rest of the economy.
Productivity will be difficult to
increase, for "industries such as
health and education that depend

Poor productivity
performance can
be partially attrib
uted to the prob
lem of malpractice
claims.

heavily on individualized personal
contact have not been able to
achieve the productivity gains
realized in other industries by the
routinization of production and
the substitution of capital for
labor," the study reports.
Fuchs states that poor produc
tivity performance can be par
tially attributed to the problem
of malpractice claims. Physicians,
aware of the dangers of lawsuits,
are forced to keep more extensive
records, requiring more time and
input but not resulting in any
increased output.
"Also, physicians and hospitals
now face a bewildering array of
insurance plans, and they
presumably require substantial
numbers of clerical personnel to
handle the large volumes of paper
work," Fuchs said.
He added that there is little
prospect of eliminating or sub
stantially reducing the gap be
tween the rate of growth of the
health sector and tne rest of the
economy by trying to identify a
single cause. "Indeed, in addition
