# Interscholastic Medals To Be Sent.
## 
### 
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
The medals for the point winners
in the meet of the Stanford Univer
sity Interscholastic Athletic Asso
ciation have been finished. Sam
ples of the engraved medals were
received to-day and pronounced
satisfactory. The medals will he
sent out immediately from San
Francisco. They are attached to
leather ribbons and will be worn
as watch-fobs.
