# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
—J. R. Nourse, '97, who waß until
recently city editor of the San
Francisco Examiner, has been ap
pointed to a similar position on
the Bulletin. Nourse took up his
new duties to-day.
