# Four Colleges Make Bids After I.C.A.A.A.A. Meet
## 
### 
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
The place for the staging of the I. C.
A. A. A. A. meet, to be held May 25
and 20, has not been decided upon as
yet. Heretofore the choice has been
between the Franklin field of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania at Philadel
phia, and the Harvard stadium. This
year Princeton, which has a new
stadium, has putin a bid to be con
sidered. and also, Cornell has peti
tioned for favorable consideration.
The issue will be decided at a meet
ing of the association on March 3.
There is also a movement on foot in
the eastern colleges to institute an
amendment to the association consti
tution for a freshman meet to be held
on the day the varsity heats are run.
A freshman cross-country would also
be included. If this should meet with
the approval of all the universities
represented, it would mean a barring
of freshmen from the varsity teams.
