# TMU Has Sculpture
## 
### 
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
Cultural Arts Division of Tre
sidder Memorial Union is cur
rently presenting the works of
Aristidcs Demotrios, 32-year-old
San Francisco sculptor and crea
tor of White Memorial Fountain.
HE MAJORED in history and
literature at Harvard, graduat
ing in 1953, He later received a
classical training in sculpture at
tho George Demetrios School in
Boston and Gloucester,
He studied architecture at the
University of California and
established his studio in San
Francisco in 19G0.
The versatility of tho subjects

and media reflect the sculptor's
belief in the importance of logic
and structure in the expression
of forms.
INCLUDED IN the exhibit are
several small sketches in sculp
ture; a series showing the crea
tion of a portrait; and a scale
model for a fountain currently
being created for the Sacramento
County Courthouse.
