# Sister Program
## 
### 
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
Interviews for the Stanford Big j
Sister Program will be from 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday in the Flor
ence Moore Conference Room. The
program provides contact between
Stanford women and junior high
school girls who need the "friend
ship and companionship" of an
older girl.
Applications may be made to
Gail Sinton at DA G-2200, or Patti
Hagen at DA G-1520.
