# Briefly
## 
### 
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
Run-off election
Once is not enough so we'll try again.
It's Doug Jehl vs. Karen Springen in
the editorial race. Make sure to vote
between noon and 10 p.m. Monday in

the Daily office.
Photo meeting
Photogs: Be there 4 p.m. todayin the
office.
