# Runoff Election
## 
### 
All Daily staffers: For the more
than 100 of you who have done
enough work on the editorial side
of the newspaper to be on the staff
voting list, there will be a runoff
election Monday, January 10.
Because no candidate received a
majority of the votes cast in yes
terday's election, Doug Jehl and
Karen Springen have advanced to
Monday's special election. The
special election will be conducted
as the other was, with voting tak
ing place between noon and 10
p.m. and with a majority of those
votes cast being necessary for any
candidate to win the election.
If you have any complaints,
questions or suggestions or be
lieve you should be added to the
voting list, please speak to Rich
ard Klingler. As always, best of
luck.
