# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A great deal of praise must be
given to the men who are running
the tennis club this season. The
policy of activity that they have
adopted has aroused more interest
in the sport than has been present
at Stanford in years and has
greatly increased our chances of
victory in the coming intercollegi
ate contests. The first good work
of the tennis management wa√ü in
working up the interclass tourna
ments last semester, which brought
out a large number of candidates
and afforded an excellent "line"
upon the material in college. Fol
lowing this, the club has done its
work so effectively and speedily
this semester that the intercollegi
ate team will probably be chosen
before the end of the present week,
so that the men will have fully six
weeks for practice together and for
games with the finest players of
California on the San Francisco
courts and elsewhere. It is this
practice which the University of
California men have always had,
and it is this practice which we
have generally lacked. Incredible
as it may seem, we are informed on
excellent authority that the men
who represented Stanford in the
doubles in a past year had never
played together before they stepped
on the court for their match with
the Blue and Gold veteranp, nor
had they even played against each
other. When such a situation is
possible, is it at all surprising that
California should regularly carry
off the honors? This year things
have been managed differently, and
whatever the result of the games
may be, the tennis managers have
set a standard that gives great
promise for the future.
