# Civil Service Examinations.
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the
following examinations will be held
at San Francisco,Marysville,Fresno,
Los Angeles.in California,and Reno,
Nevada, on March 15th: Acting as
sistant surgeon; aid, Coast and Ge
odetic Survey; assistant inspector
of boilers; assistant inspector of
hulls; assistant topographer; com
puter, Nautical Almanac Office;
computer, Naval Observatory; deck
officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
draftsman — architectural, copyist
(topographic),engineer,heating and
ventilating, hull, junior architec
tural, land office, topographic;
electrical engineer and draftsman;
engineering and hydrographic aid;
immigrant inspector; kindergarten
teacher; law clerk; local inspector
of boilers; local inspector of hulls;
matron; meat inspector; physician,
Indian Service; teacher, Philippine
Service; translator.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply either to the Civil
Service Commission, Washington,
I). C., or to the secretary, Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
eon street, San Francisco, for infor
mation relative to the above named
examinations.
