# Adv. 42 Page 11
## 
### 
Hookers
have a ball
Prurient beings, innocent
bystanders, vacuous twits and
humans are expected in abun
dance this Friday at the annual
Hooker's Ball. Entertainment
will run the gamut from the
stodgy and pedantic Stanford
Band to the wildly avant-garde
H. Whitney and the magic talk
ing dog; tickets are $12.50 at
Bass agencies, or $15 at the
door. The list of those not ex
pected to attend includes Los
Angeles Police Chief Ed Davis,
television luminaries Donny
and Marie Osmond, the Rev.
Garner Ted Armstrong and the
Guarneri String Quartet. A $25
per unit person V.I.P. party is
scheduled to begin at 5:30;
conventional entrance will
start at 8 p.m.
