# Britisher Crosland To Speak at Union
## 
### 
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
Anthony Crosland, a Labor
member of Parliament, will
speak at Tresidder Lounge this
Thursday at 7:30 p.m. He will
speak on "Great Britain and the
European Economic Community.”
Crosland is the leader of the
conservative wing of the Labor
party in the British Parliament
and is also the chairman of the
Fabian Society. His appearance
on campus is being sponsored by
HR.
