# MANDOLIN CLUB PLANNING TWO CAMPUS APPEARANCES
## 
### 
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
The Mandolin Club has elected G. E.
Crary, '17, manager, in place of G. S.
Smith, '17, resigned. The club is
practicing weekly for several appear
ances which are scheduled fo,r this se
mester. As in tHe past, the Mandolin
Club will contribute to the musical
program arranged for Junior Week.
\n entertainment in conjunction with
the Glee Club to lie presented in the
Assembly Hall is also planned. Club
members will meet at Franklin's for
their Quad picture next Sunday morn
ins.
