# Encina Elections Scheduled Today
## 
### 
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
ICncina Hall will elect officers to
day to serve for the rest of this
quarter and all of spring quarter.
The voting place is the Encina

Library and the voting hous are
from 9 in the morning to 5 in the
afternoon.
An election rallv was held last
night at which each candidate in
troduced himself and gave a short
spcech. The candidates are: for
president, Bob Christensen and Bob
Coate; for secretary, Jim Frankel,
Ted Lee, and Steve Smith; and for
treasurer, Glen Fishbaek, Jerry
Asher, and Jim Welch.
