# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.

By United Press
Ski class at Badger Pass, Yosemite national park, goes through pares
under direction of a "pro," who called "about face" just as photo was
snapped. Student at extreme left didn't get good report card.
