# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
By Popular Demand!
Positively last times it will
be shown in Palo Alto or vi
cinity.
"GREAT WALTZ"
Luise Rainer Fernand Gravet
Miliza Korjus Hugh Herbert
HEAR
"Tales of the Vienna Woods"
"Blue Danube Waltz"
"Die Fledermaus"
| —ALSO—
"SCARLET
PIMPERNEL"
LESLIE HOWARD
MERLE OBERON
