# DOLLARS AND SENSE
## 
### 
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
For every dollar the student puts
up in tuition, the University more
than matches.
