# Matches Lagging In Local Tourney
## 
### 
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
Although the majority of the
matches in the Intramural tennis
tourney are progressing satisfac
torily, Coach Ellwyn Bugge, direc
tor of the tournament, announces
that there are several early round
matches that must either be played
within the next few days or else be
defaulted.
These include a first-round match
between Lindenmeyer and Maghetti,
and second-round matches between
Whitcomb and Cooper, Gray and
Vogulkin, Wurlitzer and Whistler,
and Jaques and the winner of the
remaining first-round encounter.
A badminton tournament sign-up
sheet will be posted on the intra
mural bulletin board at the Encina
Gym which will be open to all
summer quarter students and pro
fessors.
