# Low Cost Housing
## 
### 
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
A public hearing on the proposed
low-moderate-middle income housing
development at Page Mill and Peter
Coutts Roads will be held at 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, July 22, in Bishop Auditor
ium.
The meeting is jointly sponsored by
the University's Committee on Land
and Building Development and the
Faculty-Staff Housing Subcommittee.
Sociology Prof. W. Richard Scott,
subcommittee chairman, will chair the
meeting.
The Stanford Mid-Peninsula Urban
Coalition, the selected developer for
the project, plans to construct 225
apartments on the 20-acre side which
lies north of Peter Coutts Road
between Page Mill Road and Stanford
Avenue.
