# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
Lkctukk by Bishop Brent. —On
Thursday afternoon at 1:80 Bishop
Brent of Manila will give an ad
dress in the chapel on "The Pres
ent Conditions in the Philippines."
Bishop Brent is very well informed
in regard to the matter, and is an
attractive speaker. The discourse
should be of great value to students
who are interested in the affairs of
the islands.
