# Importance of Physical Development.
## 
### 
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
The importance of physical de
velopment for teachers was empha
sized at a convention of educators
at Syracuse, N. Y., recently. The
training teachers' conference
adopted resolutions to the effect
that applicants for membership in
teachers' training classes be re
quired to pass a physical examina
tion. President Searing declared
that health and vitality were the
first requisites of a teacher.
