# Trip Probably Off.
## 
### 
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
According to recent indications,
the Varsity track team will not
make a Northern trip this spring,
owing largely to the lack of en
couragement 011 the part of two of
the institutions with which meets
had been planned. Pacific Uni
versity at Forest Grove, Or., has
found it impossible to meet the
Cardinal this year, and Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland would
likewise be unable to put an aggre
gation in the field. Their defection
leaves only the Universities of
Washington and Oregon, and the
guarantees offered by the two would
be entirely inadequate to meet the
expense of the trip. Further de
velopment may change the situa
tion, bu' at present there seems
little hope for the Northern expedi
tion.
