# Annual Boxing Tournament Scheduled.
## 
### 
The week following the Varsity
track meet is to be an eventful one in
the Gym Club circle. The annual
boxing tournament, which will con
sist of events in all weights, should
bring forth some very interesting
matches. Medals are offered to the
men who are successful in winning the
championship in the feather-weigh",
light-weight, middle-weight, and
heavy-weight events. These contests
are open to all men in college, and
entries should be handled in to In
structor Maloney as soon as possible.
Other features will be the fencing
bouts with foils and dueling swords.
Medals will be awarded to the winner
of each of these events.
The contests are to be held in the
gymnasium and all interested are in
vited to attend.
