# SEATS SELL SLOWLY.
## Combination Tickets for Concerts by Dr. Wuellner and Lyric String Quartet Still on Sale. 
### 
If the music lovers of Stanford de
sire to hear the famous Dr. Wuellner
and the Lyric String Quartet, of San
Francisco, they will have to speedily
evince their wishes in a more mater
ial manner than they have so far done.
Before these artists can be definitely
engaged, the advance sale must reach
certain proportions in order that the
local commttee may be assured of
financial success in the venture. The
combination tickets, admitting to both
concerts, sell for $2 each and may now
be procured at the University Hook
store 011 the campus and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy. The sale will con
tinue but a week longer, as a final
answer has to be given the artists'
managers by April 1.
