# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
Another unfortunate dispute has
arisen in regard to athletics between
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia. In this instance the eligibil
ity rule to be embodied in the new
Intercollegiate Agreement is the cause
of the contention. The"Daily Cali
fornian" advocates the suspension of
athletic relations unless Stanford
agrees to the regulations desired by
the Blue and Gold, and that paper
continues in defense of its recommen
dation in these terms: "Regrettable
as this would be, it were better than
that California should accede to Stan
ford's demands for an unlimited period
of eligibility. Time and again Calt'or
nia's representatives have yielded in
similar controversies when they were
just as fairly convinced as at present
that their view was the right one."
Historically, it is scarcely true that
"time and again" California-has yield
ed; Stanford has done her share when
she was "firmly convinced" of the.
righteousness of her claims. But all
this has little to do with the present
case.
The old agreement is still in force.
Under its terms, no one, so far as wo
know, who would be ineligible under
the rule for which California has been
fighting, will compete in either the
1910 baseball series or the 1910 track
meet. Consequently, neither principle
nor expediency would warrant the
abolition by the Blue and Gold of the
Intercollegiate events of the present
Spring. The athletes have worked
hard and deserve the opportunity of
displaying their ability. No imposi
tion will be inflicted upon California,
should the games and the meet be held
under the provisions of the existing
agreement.
In regard to the future, however, we
believe that a discontinuance of Inter
collegiate sports is only the natural
outcome. California believing her de

mands absolutely just and reasonable,
refuses to compromise. Stanford, be
lieving her demands equally just and
reasonable, likewise refuses to com
promise. In such a case we should ex
pect concessions from neither party.
The feasible and effective method of
solving the difficulty lies in the sever
ance of relations for a long or in
definite period.
