# To Finish Tournament This Week.
## 
### 
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
On account of the rain and the num
erous Junior festivities during the
past week, it has been impossible to
finish the tennis tournament. Since
the Intercollegiate matches with Cali
fornia are only a little more than
three weeks off, it makes it necessary
to play off the round-robin tournament
during the Easter vacation in order
that the representatives may have h
chance to practice together. All who
have matches to play in the present
tournament are requested by th?
management to arrange to decide them
this week.
