# Papooses Play Two
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
Stanford's freshman basketball
players have two games on deck
this weekend with the Braves on
Friday night and the Santa Clara
frosh on Saturday.
