# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
And the "Yell Leader"
sang —
"Oh, his brain
is in a
Scrum'
And his heart is beat
ing some"
"For he's going to take
his 'queen' out to the
BIG GAME
He will be admired
by all, for he is going
to wear his new Eng
lish Raglan Rain
proof Overcoat.
WHERE
DID HE
GET IT?
He purchased it at
.lacobi's —They have
them from $20 up
to $45. Get yours
tomorrow.
TACOBI
{1/ £r Company
Montgomery at Sutter
SAN FRANCISCO
