# Be at Encina Hall at 4:00.
## Whitaker Will Teach at Chicago. 
### 
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
Professor A. C. Whitaker, of tlio
Economics Department, has been en
gaged by tlie University of Chicago
as Acting Professor in his subject,
lie will liive three courses in Econ
omic Theory and one in Foreign Ex
change, his work covering the winter
and the spring terms, equivalent to
the second semester at. Stanford. Pro
fessor Whitaker was recently granted
a leave of absence for one semester
He wil start for Chicago about Decem
ber 20.
