# Newcomer Gets State Appointment.
## 
### 
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
E. J. Newcomer '11, son of Professor
A. G. Newcomer, head of (he English
Department of the University, yester
day received the appointment, to the
position of Assistant Superintendent
of the State Insectary at Sacramento
from State Horticultural Commis
sioner Cook. Newcomer registered in
the Entomology Department and will
leave to-morrow for the Capitol.
