# SENIORS INVADE LIBE
## 
### 
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
Seniors and graduate students will
invade the sanctity of the Hoover
Library, Friday, December 5. The
occasion, a tour of the building in
cluding stacks and tower, is one of
the series of projects planned by the
senior class committee. Oliver Ham
lin will be in general charge.
