# Palo Alto High Wins Over San Jose School
## 
### 
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
Palo Alto High School was victorious
over San Jose High in the rugby game
nlnyed here on Saturday afternoon. The
final score was 11 to 0. This was the
semi-finals of the Peninsular Rugby
League.
