# Vocom to Feature Foreign Service
## 
### 
Women's Vocom wil! present the
third of its winter quarter programs
Wednesday at 7:15 p.m. in the low
er lounge of the Women's Club
house.
The program, "Foreign service: It's
a Small World," will feature three
guest speakers. Carl E. McDowell of
the Stanford Business School, will
speak on foreign trade job oppor
tunities. Miss Grace Steinbeck, di
rector of the Stanford YWCA, will
talk on jobs in international organ
izations.
Dr. Graham Stuart of the Political
Science Department at Stanford will
be the moderator, and will speak on
jobs in the Foreigi Service of the
United States.
Refreshments will be served after
the meeting. Both men and women
students are invited to attend.
Chairman of the program is Mary
Kiaus.
