# FREE TRIP TO SAN JOSE.
## Stanford Students Invited to Attend Republican Rally.â€”Special Train at 6:50. 
### 
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
Stanford students will be the guests
of the Santa Clara County Republican
Central Committee at the big Repub
lican rally to be held at the Garden
Theater, San .lose, tomorrow evening.
The special train for the accommoda
tion of the students will leave Palo
Alto at 6:50 o'clock and returning
will leave San Jose at 11:30. At least
150 free tickets with the possibility
of fifty more will be distributed at the
station immediately before the train
leaves. Those who are unable to se
cure tickets will be charged fifty
cents for the round trip.
Upon arriving at San .lose the train
will be met with a brass band and a
monster torchlight parade. The stu
dents are expected to join in the pa
rade, Congressman Duncan McKinlay,
considered the best stump speaker in
the state, will be the principal speak
er at the rally. A block of seats will
be reserved for the Stanford contin
gent. L. Craven, '09 president of the
Taft Club, stated today that P. R.
Johnson, '09, has consented to lead
the cheering.
