# IRR Winter Hostel
## 
### 
Ira Sandperl, Bay area pacifist
and clerk at Kepler's Bookstore,
Launched the I,RR Winter Hostel
Series last Saturday by leading
an informal, open-end discussion
considering the topic: "Pacifism:
Prospects and Problems."
As is the purpose of all hostels
in the winter series, a purely
academic consideration of the
subject was avoided with em
phasis falling on the discussion
of various and often conflicting
viewpoints offered by the partic
ipants.
This Saturday, January 25, the
IRR is sponsoring two more
hostels in the series: "Germany
Today," featuring Gordon A.
Craig of the History Department;
and "Japan in Transition," featur
ing visiting History Professor
Paul S. Dull. Registrations will
be held today, Wednesday, and
Thursday, from 4-5 p.m. at the
lIR Loft, Tresidder.
