# Group Volunteers In Mental Health
## 
### 
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
The Friends for Mental Health,
formerly known as the Stanford
Mental Health Field Work Proj
ect, has planned a program of
volunteer work at the Veteran's
Administration Hospital this
quarter.
Student volunteers will develop
friendly one-to-one relationships
with the patients. In Ihe past,
lonely or idle veterans have
greatly appreciated these acquain
tances. Activities on Wednesday
nights, such as chess sessions, dis
cussion groups, and sports, have
relieved a weary routine for these
men.
The Vets will hold a dance to
morrow night for The Friends.
Those interested in becoming vol
unteers are asked to meet behind
the bookstore tomorrow or any
Wednesday night at 7:00 p.m. (ex
cept the first Wednesday of each
month). Activity credit is avail
able.
