# Intersquad Debate Begins Last Round
## 
### 
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
Intersquad debate tournament to
morrow afternoon will go into its
last round before eliminations take
place. During the same afternoon
everyone taking debate will meet in
Room 202 at either 2 or 4 o'clock.
The quarter-finals of the tourna
ment will begin next week. At
present no one has been actually
eliminated. Important business will
be transacted in the debate meet
ings, according to Ed Kerr, debate
manager.
