# Trueblood Speaks On Individualism
## 
### 
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
Pointing out the historical influ
ence of the outstanding individual
upon the cultural development of
society, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, uni
versity chaplain, delivered the ser
mon in yesterday's services in the
Memorial Chapel.
Dr. Trueblood drew parallels in
literature, history, and religion to
prove his contention that the in
fluence of one great individual is
enough to draw upon "unsuspected
talents and depths" in other individ
uals of a particular age to cause the
culture of society to achieve new
heights, in a series of renaissances
from age to age. Such men, he de
clared, were Emerson in his influ
ence on American literature, and
Christ in the development of re
ligion.
Announcing a special Armistice
Day memorial service on Thursday,
from 10:45 to 11 o'clock in the chapel,
Dr. Trueblood said that all 10
o'clock classes would be dismissed in
time to permit students to attend.
For next Sunday's service, the Rev
erend Dr. O. W. S. McCall, minister
of the First Congregational Church
of Berkeley, has been secured to
preach the sermon.
