# National Tennis.
## 
### 
A meeting of the National Lawn
Tenuis Association was held in New
York recently. It was decided to
hold the national championship
tournament at Chicago next summer,
if satisfactory arrangements could
be made TLe championship in
singles will as usual be decided at
Newport. An interscholastic cham
pionship tournament will be held
this year under the auspices of the
National Association, provided that
sufficient inducement be offered by
the colleges.
llule 3 was changed so that the
winner of the toss might insist upon
the choice being made by his op
ponent.
Rule 24 was changed by taking it
out of the power of the umpire to
order a change of places, if, iu his
opinion, either side Las a distinct
advantage owiug to the sun, wind or
other cause
