# Examinations.
## 
### 
TLe recent action of tbe Princeton
faculty in abolishing supervision of
examinations, and instead, request
ing students to sign a declaration at
tbe end of tbeir paper to the effect
that they have neither given nor re
ceived assistance, has given rise to
considerable discussion by the press
of various colleges. While this reg
ulation has a ceitain merit of ap
pealing to the honesty of every man
and of tending to raise the standard
of honor, it may be doubted whether
this mere signing of a pledge will
mate any material difference in the
amount of dealing. A man is no
more on his honor in wiiting such n
declaration than in signing his name,
for the work is just as much his own
in either case. If a man does put
upon paper what is not his own, he
will doubtless have no hesitation in
breaking bis pledge of honor. It is
but a short step from one to the
other. The fact, however, that there
is no supervision may possibly ap
peal to even the most dishonest man
and show him the littleness of cheat
ing under such conditions. Though
every college has, and will continue
to have, its class of cheaters, the
sense of honor of the vast majority
of undergraduates is stronger than
is commonly supposed; and if the
honest element in college was only
more active in denouncing tbe dis
honest element—even if they are all
friends and classmates —the standard
of honor would be materially raised.
The outcome of this actional Prince
ton will, therefore, be of consider
able interest.—Harvard Crimson.
