# COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
## President Elwell Names Juniors Who Will Have Charge of Plug Ugly. 
### 
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
President Elwell of the Junior
Class has appointed two commit
tees to have charge of all arrange
ments for the annual Plug Ugly.
One of these committees will select
the Plug Ugly and make all plans
for its successful production, and
the second committee is for the
sole purpose of deciding on where
the plugs will be purchased and
when they will be obtained.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly competition and plans
for its production is composed of
C. R. Crider, chairman, K. A.
Bickel, C. F. Laumeister, Miss B.
G. Philippi and Mins Mary Moore.
The committee to obtain plugs is
composed of L. M. Edwards, chair
man, G. J. Bresley and J. C. Mac
farland.
Elwell also appointed a commit
tee of three to have charge of the
Freshman election, which will be
held next week: J. W. Maloy,
chairman, N. P. Bryan and F. A.
Crittenden.
