# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
I 70
| TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
