# In the Court of the Beloved Oak
## 
### 
Like all true Indians, my
roommate and I have come down
with Spring Fever, and it's a se
rious case we have. On top of
this. Farm tradition has it that
the Junior Prom, the Senior Ball,
and many other gala occasions
should come during Spring Quar
ter. All this adds up to more
festivities than the school work
can stand, however. . . .
Having ju>t learned the motto
"semper paratus" in Latin I,
Roomy and I went down to the
Clothes Closet to outiit ourselves
in the latest in spring formal
wear. Now we not only picked
the right place to go hut the
right time to do it. The Clothes
Closet has just gotten in a large
shipment of fashionable, right
price forma Is.
It you have a tan to show off,
you should try a white pique
strapless number with matching
short cape edged in embroidery.
$2.5. If you like the sweet but
chic type, how about a flowered
taffeta strapless, $19.93? If you
want to look like a dream that's
just floating by, try a pink dot
ted swiss with miles of ruffles,
$25. If you want to knock 'em
dead with glamour and sophisti
cation, try a Party Line black
taffeta with peek-a-boo rows of
inserted black lace, $35.
Whatever your wishes may lie.
you know you can fulfill them at
tine Clothes Closet. 520 Kamona
just off University.
CINDY
