# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
BAY AREA—Considerable cloud
iness today and tomorrow with
showers today. Little change in
temperature. Moderate southwest
erly wind.
