# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
«».i f ■ 1
King Broadcasting Com
pany. a growing, diversified
communications company
centered in the Pacific North
west, would like to meet with
graduating seniors and grad
uate students interested in
careers within the communi
cations industry.
The company owns and
operates TV-AM-FM broad
cast stations in Seattle, Port
land and Spokane; a film
production division, a com
munity antenna (CATV) divi
sion, and a properties and
real estate division.
Entry-level positions occur
in radio, television and film
production: announcing, news
reporting, sales, promotion,
merchandising and photo
graphy.
Preference is given those
with broad liberal-arts edu
cational backgrounds at the
undergraduate level.
Forfurther information, you
may consult our careers
pamphlet and the company
policy manual at your campus
placement office, where an
interview with our represen
tative also may be scheduled.
Kingisan equal opportunity
employer.
KING
Hi BROADCASTING COMPANY
