# GIRL RADIOS SWEETHEART IN EIRE
## 
### 

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.

(Acme Telephoto)
IOLA CHRISTENSEN, second from left, talks across 6000 miles of ocean to Private Milburn Henke, her
sweetheart and the first American soldier to arrive with the A.E.F. in Northern Ireland. With Miss Chris
tensen in the Minneapolis radio station are her father, left, mother, and station announcer.
