# PROTECTION IN NORTHWEST
## 
### 

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.

ALMOST IN THE FRONT YARD of a private home in Seattle, a soldier
brings a clip of anti-aircraft shells from a dugout. The trench
leading to the dugout is protected with sandbags. This is one of the
protective measures taken in the Northwest in the face of the Jap
menace. Washington announces 600,000 troops are now on the West
Coast.
