# JAPANESE ATTACK DUTCH TIMOR
## 
### 
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
BATAVIA, N.E.I., Feb. 1 (UP).—
Japanese bombers struck today at
Dutch Timor, southernmost of the
Indies, only 310 miles from the Aus
tralian coast, while Dutch troops
fiercely battled landing parties at
four points, including the Amboina
Naval Base.
Japanese planes attacked Koe
pang and shipping south of there, in
the strait between Timor and the
small island of Semaoe (Semau).
