# New Husky Mentor
## 
### 

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.

RALPH (PEST) WELCH, assistant
football coach at the University
of Washington since 1930, was
named head coach for the '42 grid
season. He succeeds James Phelan.
