# Campus Fire Department Extinguishes Grass Fire
## 
### 
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
Fighting a blaze serious enough to
demand the attention of all three en
gines of the Stanford fire department,
the University fire-fighters worked for
almost an hour before extinguishing
flames discovered in the field on the
eastern edge of the campus Tuesday
afternoon.
It is thought that the dry grass in
the field was ignited by a carelessly
dropped cigarette.
The great amount of smoke which
accompanied the conflagration attract
ed a large crowd.
