# Canines Slumber in Street, Cause Removal of Fender
## 
### 
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
Two sleepy canines tired from the
Fourth of July can cause more darned
trouble! For instance two such ani
mals decided to sleep on the highway
near the campus last Monday night. A
car entering from Churchill street to
avoid hitting the dogs and removed
a fender from a southgoing Ford.
Meantime a holiday string of cars
gathered behind the pups upon whom
glaring headlights and screeching
horns acted as a lullaby. It took a
philanthropic motorist with a stick to
produce finally a disgruntled exodus
to the sidewalk.
