# CRASH KILLS WIFE OF FORMER FACULTY MAN
## 
### 
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
Word has reached Stanford of the
death of Mrs. Mary Lathrop, wife of
Professor H. B. Lathrop, former mem
ber of the English department here,
and now head of the English depart
ment at Wisconsin. Her death was
caused by a head-on automobile colli
sion near Madison, Wisconsin, on
June 27.
