# CELLAR SHUT, RESULT OF SMALL PATRONAGE
## 
### 
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
Despite a last-minute attempt to in
crease business by serving light noon
lunches, the Cellar refreshment parlor
has been closed. The management de
clares there was no prospect of in
creasing patronage to a paying basis,
even though there was more business
last week than during the first week
of the quarter.
