# California Substitutes.
## 
### 
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
Coach Schaeffer has named seven
side-liners, as follows: Bogardus,
Price, Lane, Gianelli, Saunders, Car
penter, Crane.
