# Substitutes.
## 
### 
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
J. H. Thoburn, '13, played on the
1910 Varsity. He is a member of Phi
Delta Theta fraternity, and hails from
Palo Alto. F. W. Reeves, '14, is an
other veteran. He is enrolled in Sigma
Nn fraternity. His home is in San
Bernardino. F. B. Watkins, *14, regis
ters from Los Angeles and belongs to
Encina Club. He is a veteran of two
toVarsity team. P. P. Clover, '14, be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon frater
nity and registers from Pasadena. L.
C. Lull, '13, registers from Los An
geles and is enrolled in Sigma Nn.
II. W. Andrews, '14, is a player from
San Diego, lie is a member of Kappa
Alpha. E. P. Bly, '13, comes from Los
Angeles, and is enrolled in Alpha Tan
Omega. A. Erb, '15, is a member of
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and his home is
in Chemainus, B. C. B. Sinclair. '15,
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon,
and hails from Berkeley. R. Brown,
'14. i senrolled in Encina Club and
conies from Selma. E. L. Peck, '13,
registers from Pasadena and is a mem
ber of Encina Club. L. C. Decius, '13,
is a member of Zeta Psi from Los
Angeles.
