# MARIONETTE ARTISTS WILL GIVE PROGRAM ON CAMPUS TUESDAY
## San Franciscan Performers Have Taken Up Puppet Art as Career 
### 
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
, Clarks' Marionettes will be seen in
a performance at 7:30 next Tuesday
evening in the Little Theatre. G.
Fletcher Clark and Celia Rantz Clark,
who will give the marionette program,
are two San Franciscans, who have
taken up this art as a profession.
Stanford audiences need no intro
duction to the stringed-figure type of
puppet, such as is used by Tony Sarg
and others, but this will be the first
appearance on the campus of the hu
morously grotesque "guignol" puppets.
The "guignol" is operated upon the
hands and fingers of the "puppeteer."
Being in such intimate contact with
the performer, the "guignol" is not
mechanical, and by virtue of its gro
tesqueness is fitted to satirize the
fads and foibles of human action.
Design Emphasized
From an artistic standpoint the
Clarks' puppets tend to be non-repre
sentative, and to emphasize the ele
ment of design both in carving and
coloring. This is particularly true of
the puppet characters for the "Seven
Deadly Sins."
Clark designs the heads of his minia
ture actors from mahogany and other
hard-woods, after which they are
painted and costumed by Mrs. Clark.
Together they manipulate the figures
and speak the lines of the three plays
which they have written.
"Doctor Faustus," a modernized
comedy version which introduces
many novel elements into the old story
will be presented. "The Singing Mas
ter" is a satirical episode of the com
edy of manners type, and translated
from the French. This play is still
used by the "guignol" showmen of
Paris. The third is the oriental ro
mance, "The Bird Feng." which is
adapted from an ancient fairy-tale.
