# SWORD AND SANDALS ENDS PRELIMINARY TRYOUTS FOR R. U. R.
## 
### 
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
The preliminary tryouts for "R. U.
R." are completed, and the task of
choosing the cast has been narrowed
down to a comparatively few names.
The following people have passed the
tests so far and will appear for final
tryouts today in the Assembly hall
from 3 to 5 and tonight from 7 to 9:
Helen Lewis, Dorothy Dahler, Jose
phine Pigott, Virginia Graves, Ruth
Jordan, Virginia Bunnell, Marjory
Tussing. Barbara Eubanks, Charles
Parks, Grove Day, Delmer Daves, Ir
vin Frasse, Guy Holliday, John
Schacht, William Thornton. Bill Hun
kins, Sarteu Prentice, Frederick Rich
man, Frank Greene, Horace Dryden,
Herbert Smith, Frank Feliz, Byron
Harvey. Phil ITrner, Kenneth Fergu
son. Will Merryman, Kenneth Chantry,
Finlay McDermid, Oliver Willard, Ken
neth McDougal, John Wiggin, Kenneth
Hess, Gordon Shallenberger, Carroll
Haeske, Fenton Barrett. Robert Play
ter.
The following persons are to appear
in the Assembly hall Monday after
noon. October 20, from 3 to 5: M» H.
Gerry, Curtis Wright. George Purnell,
Wesley Wright. C. H. Babcock. Regi
nald Pegram. Elmer Collett. Karl
Brady, John Irwin, Earl Cairns, Rus
sell Stroup. Thomas Connoly, C. V.
King. Vance Weaver. Collin Timmons.
