# Seniors Sell Dance Bids, Ice Cream
## 
### 
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
The seniors will sell ice cream all
day tomorrow on Quad and in the
evening in the living groups. You'll
have a choice of your favorite fla
vored Dixie Cup or Eskimo pie. Co
chairmen of the sale are Mary Orr
and Leo Schuster.
The senior-sponsored all-campus
picnic is slated for this Sunday. It
begins at 1:30 p.m. and lasts until
11 p.m. The place is Shangri-La,
located just above Adobe Creek.
There will be swimming, volley
ball. and baseball for afternoon
amusement. Also lots of refresh
ments.
A barbecue dinner with all the
trimmings will be served at 5:30
p.m., and at 6:30 the orchestra will
begin to play for outdoor dancing.
Tickets sell for $1.50 and include
everything. They will be sold all
this week at the ASSU office, from
tomorrow on in front of the Cellar,
and by representatives in the larger
living groups.
Betty White, chairman of the pic
nic. wants to stress the point that
the affair is date or no date and is
being given by the seniors for the
pleasure of the whole campus.
