# Faculty Clubs Plan For Yearly Party
## 
### 
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
The Stanford Men's and Women's
Faculty Clubs will hold their joint
yearly party Friday night at 8:30
in the Faculty Clubhouse.
The program will include enter
tainment, dancing, and bridge. Me
nuddi's opera "The Telephone"' will
be presented, with Joel Carter and

Mrs. Marjory Dickenson" singing the
principal parts. The opera will be
preceded by a few solo and duet
numbers.
The average weight a child gains
during his stay in the Con Home is
9.10 pounds, according to a fcufvev
taken in 1945.
