# Fraternity Heads Consider Reforms
## 
### 
Presidents of the various Stanford
house fraternities met last night fol
lowing the meeting of the Men's Con
ference, and discussed in detail the
present fraternity situation and meth
ods that may be used to improve con
ditions in general. With O. G. Lach
mund, '17, acting as temporary chair
man, the representatives took up the
matter of scholarship of men on the
Row, the elimination of first semester
initiations, of rushing, and other af
fairs.
For the purpose of drawing up a
general plan to be submitted to the
chapter presidents at a meeting fol
lowing the next session of the Men's
Conference ,a committee of five was
named by Lachmund. Those appoint
ed are W. R. Wheatly, '17, Kappa
Sigma; W. P. Staniford, *16. Sigma
Chi; E. P. Wilkins, '17, Phi Gamma
Delta; F\ H. Richey, 'in, Beta Theta
Pi. and A. S. Flack, '15, Delta Chi.
That the fraternities are anxious to
improve certain methods now in gen
eral vogue was brought out at the
meeting. The chief drawback to such
action in the past has been the fail
ure of all the chapters to cooperate.
That the joint meetings of representa
tives from each of the groups will be
the means of overcoming this handi
cap is the opinion of those in attend
ance at last night's session.
