# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
!
'
RADIO
REPAIR
HEADQUARTERS
Wo repair oil makes and
models of Auto, House
hold, Portable and Phono
graph sets.
Ray Atwater's
Peninsula Chevrolet Co.
New and Used Cars
"THE HOUSE THAT
SERVICE BUILT"
Sales and Service
I Forrest at High PA 613S
