# Shakespeare Play Coming Next Week
## 
### 
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
Tickets for William Shakespeai
comedy "As You Like It," wh
will be presented next week by
Stanford Players, may be obtair
for 90 cents in room 202, Memoi
Hall, announced F. Cowles Stric
land, associate professor of spei
and drama.
Scheduled for a three-day i
beginning next Thursday in Men
rial Auditorium, the play will. <
feature Walker Vaughan as Ork
do, who has been kept "rustically
home" by his scheming brotl
Oliver, and Beatrice Manley as I
lovely and witty Rosalind, Stric
land said.
The scene of action will rot.
among the house of Oliver, 1
court of Oliver's future father-i
law, Duke Frederick, and the fi
cadian Forest of Arden, Strickla
added.
