# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
€tK*°* the
The life of the party can't
talk through his teeth. lie
knows that and protects
himself with the generous
iiso of Lavoriw beforehand.
The Mouth Wash and Gargle
that is medicinal in value
but NOT in taste.
L A V ORIS
MOUTH WASH GARGLE
— 25c - 50c - SI Bottles —
