# BRIGHT CLOCKED IN SPEEDY MILE RUN
## 
### 
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
Norm Bright, ineligible, ran prob
ably the fastest mile on the coast
this year when he completed four
laps on the Angell Field oval last
Thursday in four minutes and 18
seconds.
Dave Devlin ran his best 2-mile
to date, finishing the eight laps in
9 minutes 51 seconds, with frosh
Edson Burrows a few strides behind.
Bill Ellington's frosh will begin
polishing off today for their first
meet of the season, .scheduled for
this Saturday with San Mateo Junior
College.
