# Men's Spring Tuition Note Application Due
## 
### 
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
Men students wishing to renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
or take out new ones should call at
the Dean of Men's office this week.
February 25 to March 1. In order to
receive consideration, all applica
tions must be made within this
period.
Applications for women's tuition
notes will not be received until the
wo k of March 4.
