# B.A.C. APPROVES UNOFFICIALLY OF I.C.4-A BENEFIT
## 
### 
Unofficial Board of Athletic
Control approval was given to
Skull and Snakes' proposed
second all-University track
meet, receipts to go towards
sending a track team to the
IC4-A. Saturday when A1
Masters, graduate manager,
declared lie saw '"no reason
why the B.A.C. should object."
Masters did s*\v that the
I'niuiVnv ;nl.ir for Maidi
2, the proposed date, was al
ready taken for a rugby game
and advised March 9. a week
later, as a more satisfactory
date. Leaders of Skull and
Sn \kes. senior men's honorary,
went abend with plans for the
new date last night.
