# LEAVE ON VACATION
## 
### 
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
Miss Ruth Tracksell, who is in charge
of the teacher placement service, and
Miss Marjorie Adams, assistant in the
appointment service, left Stanford July
15 on their vacation, which will be
spent in Alaska.
