# ALUMNI DIRECTORY TO CONTAIN OVER 30,000 NAMES OF GRADUATES
## 
### 
Approximately thirty thousand names
will appear in the alumni directory
which is being compiled by the office
of the alumni secretary, under the di
rection of John Ezra McDovtoll, Alumni
Secretary.
Ihe new directory, which, according
to McDowell, will probably appear next
January, will contain the names, ad
dresses, and occupations of alumni, in
cluding the Class of 1931, and of all
students who have ever matriculated at
Stanford, even though they may not
have graduated.
Work on the new directory began
early in the spring, when blanks were
sent out to all alumni, asking for the
information which is used in the
volume. There are still about 5,000
blanks to come in.
The last alumni directory was pub
lihed in 1021, and contained the names
of alumni through the Class of 1921.
