# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the
marked hook at The Daily Shack.
