# Contradictions In Accounts of HUAC Attack'
## 
### DOUG WILLIS 
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
Contradictory accounts of the
attack against a San Francisco
policeman during the city hall
demonstrations last May 13 weak
ened the prosecution’s case last
week in the assault trial of Uni
versity of California senior Rob
ert Mcisenbach.

Startling contrasts were evident
in the three accounts which make
up nearly the entire prosecution
case against Meisenbach for the
alleged clubbing of Patrolman
Ralph Schaumleffel during the
city hall demonstrations against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.
That is the incident which al
legedly forced police to resort
to fire hoses to clear students out
of the city hall.
ALBERT V. Morris, a real
estate broker, said in Friday’s
testimony that he saw a person
hit an officer on the right side of
the head but he was unable to
identify Meisenbach in court Fri
day. Schaumleffel’s testimony
said that he was hit behind the
left ear.

Morris said that there were two
or three blows—Schaumleffel said
one. Morris also said that the at
tacker was upright after the at
tack; while the officer’s testi
mony said that ho tackled Meisen
bach immediately.
Morris told how he saw the of
ficer stay upright during the at
tack while Schaumleffel said that
he fell to his knees.
JOHN VV. Slansfield, a private
investigator, gave a different ac
count of the alleged attack.
Stansfield placed the time of
the clubbing after police brought
out fire hoses. Defense arguments
which are expected to begin to
morrow, will agree with this
timing and attempt to show that
the officer wasn’t struck by any
one but that he fell on the slip
pery marble steps.
