# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
Send home your
PORTRAIT
for
MOTHERS DAY
.... in our studio
or your home ....
Portraits made on Saturdays
by Wendell Phillips, well
known San Francisco pho
tographer.
$15.00 up for 6 prints
Phone
P.A. 4204
for appointment
j^cbles
42} University Ave
