# 'I' Conference Plan Approved
## 
### 
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
Backing of s(>u students on 1 lit*
polls taken last week secured ap
proval of the plan for the Confer
ence on International Relations for
May 9, 10, and 11 by the Committee
on Public Exercises, Mrs. George E.
Dane, secretary of the committee,
said last night.
Thus far, speakers who have been
engaged for the Conference include
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman of
the Hoover Institute; Dr. Graham
Stuart, professor of political sci
ence; and Dr. Frank Munk, head
professor of international relations
at Reed College.
SPEAKERS SLATED
Dr. Claude A. Buss, authority on
Far Eastern relations, and Dr. Har
ry Rathbun. professor of law, will
also speak on the program. Addi
tional speakers will be announced
later, according to Mary Virginia
Pond, Conference co-chairman.
Students may direct questions to
the speakers after the round-table
discussion on "Conflicts in Europe"
Friday night. Students will also
have an opportunity to participate
on their own during the hour-and
a-half group discussion period Sat
urday afternoon.
OTHER SCHOOLS ASKED
"'Special invitations to the Con
ference may be sent to student in
ternational organizations at Mills
College, University of California,
San Jose State, and other Northern
California colleges," said Cliff Nel
son, Conference co-chairman.
"Students in other colleges have
expressed great interest in Stan
ford's International Conference and
are looking forward to coming to
the Conference," stated Miss Pond.
STANI ORD-CAL DEBATE
The JofTre Debate between the
University of California and Stan
ford will take place during this
time. This is the 53rd year that
the debate has been held.
Sunday night the Turkish stu
dents of the 'T' Club will give a
banquet at the close of the Con
ference.
