# French Group Hears Consul
## 
### 
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
France is rapidly regaining its
diplomatic position as a major world
power; it i.s nearer thai goal now
than it has been at any time since
the liberation. asserted Vice-Consul
A. Rousselet in an informal discus
sion yesterday with the French
Conversational Group.
Speaking in his native tongue to
;ome 40 students anH faculty mem
bers. M. T?oussclet expressed a semi
optimistic view regarding the pe
riod of restoration and readjustment
France is at present undergoing.
In introduction, the vice-consul
outlined in resume the historical
position of Franc" in relation to the
rest of the world. He stressed the
point that France should not bo
regarded merely as a nation of 40
million, but rather as a major world
power.
