# Music Program Opens at Series
## 
### 
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
As the opening program of the
Spring Music Festival, the Stanford
Music Department presented a con
cert of piano and violin chamber
music and songs by the University
Singers last night at the Tuesday
Evening Series.
Displaying good rhythm and har
mony together, William L. Crosten,
pianist and head of the Music De
partment, and Arnold Small, vio
linist and former professor of vio
lin at the University of lowa, played
three sonatas: Mozart's "Sonata in
E Minor," Aaron Copland's "Sonata
(1043)," and Brahms' '"Sonata in I)
Minor."
The University Singers, a 1 I-voire
ensemble, directed by Mack Evans,
showed excellent diction and blend
ing of voices in their selection of
madrigals, Basque folk songs, and
Brahms love songs. Talbot
