# Defective Alarm Box Calls Engines to Encina
## 
### 
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
Students who chased the lire
engines to Encina al>out dinner
time last night were disappointed
—as usual. It was that defective
alarm box again.
The box regularly sends in an
alarm of its own accord, the Fire
Department said. No one was re
sponsible for a false alarm.
