# Will Address Philologists.
## 
### 
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
Professors A. T. Murray, J. Goe
bel, J. E. Matzke, H. R. Fair
clough, E. Fliigel, J. Elmore, C.
C. Rice, and B. O. Foster will pre
sent papers before the fifth an
nual meeting of the Philological
Association of the Pacific Coast.
The association will meet at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
San Francisco on December 28th.
This association is the Western di
vision of the American Philologi
cal Association. The meeting will
last three days.
