# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the beginning of the semester
the editor of the Daily Palo Ai/ro
had in mind two things which lie
hoped to work towards: First, by
tightening up the competition for
places on the staff it was hoped
that greater efficiency of the news
service would result; second, it was
the aim of the editor to make no
editorial utterance that he believed
did not represent the sentiment of
a majority of the students. It has
been demonstrated clearly that a
system of rigorous competition for
positions on the board was no ex
periment, and the success of limit
ing positions on the staff has been
more than gratifying. No one was
elected to a vacancy unless a cer
tain standard of efficiency was
reached, and the plan of giving
elections on a basis of the
amount and quality of new√ü handed
in during a period of six weeks'
trial has brought about a thorough
covering of the news field. Some
things that have not met the unan
imous approval of all the students
have been said editorially, but any
opinions given have been printed
because it was the editor's belief
that they represented a majority of
the students. The paper is the or
gan of the students, and it should
always represent their views on
every matter. It is hoped that the
attempt during the past four
months to give expression to these
views has not been unsuccessful.
The task of conducting the paper
has been made more than a pleas
ure by the cooperation of a board
whose faithfulness, energy, and
sincerity of purpose have been
most gratifying features of the
semester's work.
