# FAMOUS JOURNALIST TO VISIT UNIVERSITY
## William Allen White Will Speak on Labor and Peace Conference 
### 
Two addresses have been arranged for
during the visit of William Allen White
to the University on Thursday and Fri
day of this week. Mr. White's first
address will be given Thursday evening
at 7:30 in the Little Theater. His topic
for this lecture will be "A Reporter at
the Peace Conference." The second
meeting lias been arranged for Friday
at 4:15 in the Little Theater. Mr.
White will speak at this time on "The
Recent Industrial Conference at Wash
ington, D. C."
William Allen White first came into
prominence in this country as the editor
of the Emporia Gazette where his re
markable work attracted the attention of
the literary public throughout the en
tire country. Shortly after this several
novels followed which only increased
his popularity. Perhaps the best known
of his longer works is "A Certain Rich
Man."
Mr. White was allowed to attend the
Peace Conference and his articles which
have appeared all over the United States
have had considerable influence on pub
lic opinion concerning the peace treaty.
On account of his comprehensive
knowledge of American industrial af
fairs and his keen judgment. Mr. White
was present at the recent industrial con
ference which attracted nation-wide at
tention recently. The seriousness of the
labor situation as evidencd in the steel
and coal strikes makes Mr. White's ad
dress unusually significant
