# News from Motordom
## 
### 
White gloves of wash leather for
signaling at night are being sold in
England.

The Chevrolet factory at Flint is now
running at the rate of 135 motors an
hour.

Three hundred and sixty-two deaths
were caused through auto accidents in
the state the first three montrs of year.

The most popular American cars in
England are the enclosed type, selling
from $750 to $1,600.

Keep the tops of spark plugs clean.
! In this way any defect can be easily
| seen.

It is well to test the brake every day
to see which of the two rear wheels is
the more inclined to lock and slide.

A good grade of oil not only prevents
carbon deposit, but will keep the bear
ing surfaces in better condition.

Sheet lead is best for adding dead
weight to a car because it will take up
a minimum of room, does not rattle and
can be readily fastened in place.

The fifth international road congress
will be held in Milan, Italy, next Sep
tember. A road exhibit will take place
concurrently with the congress.
