# STANFORD NET SQUAD RUNNERS-UP IN OJAI TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
One Ojai Valley tennis title returned
to the campus with the Stanford tennis
team this morning. Lionel Ogden, var
sity veteran and captain, paired with
Mrs. flenry, captured the mixed dou
bles in straight sets from Mr. Goram
and Miss Marion Williams, 6-2, 6-4.
Ogden was in excellent form, and with
fine smashes and volleys, dominated
the play at all times.
Phil Neer, former Cardinal tennis
•star, reached the finals of the open
tournament, losing there to Harvey
Snodgrass, 6-1, 6-2. Snodgrass played
the brand of ball that two years ago
won for him the sixth ranking posi
tion in the country, and led his op
ponent at all stages of the match.
Herrington and McElvenny reached
the semi-finals in collegiate singles..
