# MRS. ELLIOT ADDRESSES CLUB
## 
### 
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
Mrs. O. L. Elliot, who has recently
returned to the campus from a visit to
[ Santa Barbara, will read some of her
j own verse at the final meeting of the
| Palo Alto Poetry Club, to be held to
i morrow afternoon at the home of Mrs.
I F. E. Perhatn, 335 Melville avenue.
