# EXCURSION TO CAMPUS AT BERKELEY PLANNED FOR SATURDAY, JULY 2
## 
### 
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
The first summer excursion will leave
from the Stanford Union for Berkeley
and the L T niversity of California on
Saturday morning, July 2, at 8 o'clock.
Reservations must be made at least two
days in advance in the office of the Di
rector of the Summer Quarter.
Leaving the Union, the cars will pass
through Palo Alto and cross the bay on
the recently finished Dumbarton bridge.
The opportunity of seeing the bridge
will be one of the features of the trip
Crossing this bridge eliminates the
ferry trip from San Francisco to
Berkeley, and saves an hour. The cars
will arrive in Berkeley about 9:30.
The day will be spent around the
University of California where guide?
will point out the objects of interest.
Every one will bring his own luncheon
for a picnic at noon. The return to
Stanford is planned for 4 o'clock.
There will be an excursion each Sat
urday for the remainder of the quarter.
Visits will be made to all points of in
terest around the bay. These weekly
trips were very popular last summer,
and the Director's office advises early
registration. The fare is two dollars
and seventy-five cents for each trip.
