# LECTURE-RECITAL BY ALLEN THURSDAY TO TAKE UP BEETHOVEN
## 
### 
The second of the scries of lecture
recitals by Warren D. Allen, will he |
given Thursday afternoon, June 30. In
this recital, the subject of which is :
"Beethoven," Mr. Allen will he assisted j
by Orley See, violinist, and W. Villal- j
pando, violoncellist. In accordance with
Mr. Allen's plan to link the Sunday and ,
Tuesday organ recitals with the lecture-!
recital for the week, the organ recital j
for Tuesday, June 28, will feature Mo-j
zart, Haydn, and other predecessors of j
Beethoven.
The first of a series of organ recitals j
given by Mr. Allen took place Tuesday
at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Allen gave a brief talk
explaining the purpose of the series, j
which wilt continue through the first j
half of the quarter. He intends to show ;
the development of organ music from j
the early sixteenth century to modern i
times. I
