# Former Faculty People Visit Stanford Friends
## 
### 
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
Mrs.- W. W. Thoburn, widow of the
late Dr. Thoburn, professor of bio
nomics here in the early days of the
University, and her daughter, Miss
Helen Thoburn, are spending a two
weeks' visit at the home of friends
in Palo Alto. Miss Thoburn, a mem
ber of the Class of 1908 at Stanford,
has returned from Y.W.C.A. work in
China, and is now on her way to
Asilomar for the annual conference
there.
