# Chaplain Gardner Speaks At English Conferences
## 
### 
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner is in
England addressing several important,
conferences and visiting relatives and
friends in London and Birmingham.
While touring the country he will
address the Anglo-Catholic Conference,
the assembly of the Church of England
in London, and the Modern Church
man's conference in Birmingham. He
will also visit the summer school of
Oxford universitv.
