# SMALL FIRE AT S.A.E. HOUSE
## 
### 
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
Fire of unknown origin broke out in
the room of Max Stevenson at the
S.A.E. fraternity house at 1:15 this
afternoon and was extinguished by the
fire department and residents with
slight loss.
