# Sport short
## 
### 
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
The crew team will be hold
ing its annual on-land erg-a
thon from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in
White Plaza today.
