# R.I. Cravens, '23 Elected Head of Skull and Snakes
## 
### 
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
Robert Cravens, '23, was elected presi
dent of Skull and Snakes Society to suc
ceed C. J. Tauzer, '20, at a meeting held
last Friday night. Cravens made his
numerals in football on the 1923 Fresh
man team, and his Block Son Walter
Powell's 1920 varsity. This year he is
playing right guard on Andy Kerr's
present lineup. In his sophomore year,
Cravens served on the Executive com
mittee.
