# Police Department Has 16 Lost Items
## 
### 
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
Sixteen lost articles 12 hicyc
les, three wrist watches and one
saxophone in a case are in the
Police Department's property
room, according to Chief Gordon
Davis.
