# Barclay to Speak On '56 Campaign
## 
### 
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
Stanford's Political Union In
dependents will meet today to
hear Dr. Thomas S. Barclay, Pro
fessor Emeritus of the Political
Science Dept., speak on "Issues
and Leaders in the '56 Political
Campaign."
The meeting wiii be held at 4
p.m. in Bowman Alumni House.
