# R. O. Burgess To Speak At Stanford Press Club
## 
### 
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
The next meeting of the Stanford
Press Club will be held at 7:30
o'clock Thursday. The speaker for
the meeting will be R. O. Burgess
who will speak on the subject, "The
possibilities of magazine work for
journalists."
Burgess was chief editorial writer
of the S.F. Examiner before leaving
a year ago for New York to investi
gate problems of the magazine field.
