# BETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
Beta Theta Pi announces tin
pledging of Frederick Troman Hal'-
j per, '36.
