# Miyamoto Gains A Ninth In NCAA
## 
### 
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
Stanford's ace gymnast, side
horser A 1 Miyamoto, took ninth
place in the NCAA champion
ships in his event the weekend
of March 20 in Los Angeles.
This marked the first time
Stanford gymnasts had competed
in the meet. The two points
gained by Miyamoto were good
enough to make Stanford 23rd in
the 42 team field.
