# Untitled Article
## 
### 

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.

INDIAN POLE-VAULTER Chuck Smith, ci sophomore from Torrance, California, reaches the greatest
height of his career at the Fresno State dual meet at Fresno, as he clears the bar at 14 9". Coach
Payton Jordan says that Smith may well become a regular 15' plus jumper this year.
