# IIR To Hold Disarmament Meeting
## 
### 
The Institute of International
Relations, largest student organi
zation of its kind in the United
States, will sponsor an all-day
conference on 'â€¢Disarmament in a
Changing World" on Saturday,
April 11.
More than 300 students are ex
pected to attend the sessions in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium and Tre
sidder Memorial Union. The pub
lic may attend for the $1.50 regis
tration fee.
Keynote speaker at 10:30 a.m.
is Dr. Herman Kahn, director of
the Hudson Institute, New York,
and author of two best-sellers on
disarmament: "On Thermonu
clear War" and "Thinking About

the Unthinkable."
Dr. Knhn served as a military
strategist for the RAND Corpora
tion, Santa Monica, before found
ing the Hudson Institute, a non
profit organization founded for
the study of defense strategy and
nuclear warfare.
Dr. Carl Stover, senior research
scientist at Stanford Research In
stitute, will serve as honorary
chairman. He is director of the
public affairs fellowship program
at Stanford and adviser to Gover
nor Edmund G. Brown on defense
industries and space spending.
Dr. Stover will chair a special
2 p.m. panel to discuss the effects
of total disarmament on the Bay
Area's economy.
Panel members include Paul
Schrade, director of Region Six,
United Auto Workers; Hale
Champion, State Director of Fi
nance; Emmett Cameron, vice
president of Varian Associates,
and Dudley E. Brown, group viee

president for finance and adminis
tration for the Lockheed Corpora
tion, Burbank.
Dr. Matthew Sands, deputy di
rector of the Stanford Linear Ac
celerator Center a n d one of
America's outstanding nuclear
physicists, will deliver the open
ing address at 9:30 a.m. in Dink
elspiel Auditorium.
Dr. Sands was a member of the
1962 United States disarmament
team at Geneva, and since h a s
been a consultant to the U.S.
Arms Control and Disarmament
Agency.
Also expected to attend are
officials of the major foreign
missions in San Francisco as well

as Bay Area city government
representatives and businessmen.
Reservations at Sl.iiO per per
person may be mailed direct to
the Institute of International Re
lations, Stanford University,
Stanford, Califoria.
