# NAACP Head Talks Here Tomorrow
## 
### 
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
Franklin H. Williams, regional
director nf tTie National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People, will speak tomorrow
night at X p.m. on "The Fifteenth
Amendment: Its Betrayal and
Realization" in Room 320, Geol-1
ogy Corner.
The lecture is the first in a
series of three which Williams |
will deliver here on the changing ,
status of the Negro in America.'
