# Navy Recruiting Team To Discuss Programs
## 
### 
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
U.S. Navy officer candidate re
cruiting team will be on the cam
pus from 9 to 4 Thursday and Fri
day in the Naval Armory to fur
nish information on the combined
regular and reserve programs.
