# Intramural Track Prelims Friday
## 
### 
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
Preliminaries in the intramural
track meet will take place Friday
at 4 p.m. at Angell Field, accord
ing to Intramural Director Elwyn
Bugge.
Preliminaries will be held in
every event. Participants are ad
vised to check the entry rules
posted on the intramural board in
the gym, Bugge said.
