# Weather
## 
### 
A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



A NARROW ESCAPE
The women's gymnastics team
eked out a 0.3-point victory in
its four-team home meet.
SPORTS/8

DEBRIS FOUND
Searchers found an important
piece of the Columbia shuttle
yesterday in Texas.
WORLD&NATION/3

Today: Sunny
High 61 '
Low 34
Tomorrow:
Sunny



