# Adv. 38 Page 10
## 
### 
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
What!
SUEDES NOW?
and comfortable is
the order of the day. These crepe-soled cam
pus flats hit the spot. Navy, grey, brown, and
white. $4.45-$7.50
Erf \ y/ '
//WIER.LEIN S
// lOalk'Over
/ e shop
220 University Ave.
