# Adv. 40 Page 10
## 
### 
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
B TRUE BEAUTY
Goes Beyond
Mi Deco " tio "
Hair loveliness is a culmination of painstaking
care and a thorough understanding of beauty
culture. Zotos permanents insure this true
loveliness with a smartly individual touch.
PHONE /f^
itood
125
UNIVERSITY D I C I
avenue D63uty balon
