# Spring Stripe
## 
### 

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.

FASHIONABLE for spring wear
is the double-breasted Kent
stripe Gordian worsted suit
shown above. The shirt collar
was inspired by the Duke of
Kent. Courtesy Moore's, San
Francisco.
