# Halla, Rea Debate S.F. Teachers Here
## 
### 
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
Phil Halla and Ed Rea, two fresh
man debaters, upheld the Pi Kappa
Delta question tonight in a non
decision debate with the San Fran
cisco Teachers' College at the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
The formal statement of the ques
tion was: "Resolved, that Congress
should he allowed by a two-thirds
vote to over-ride a decision of the
Supreme Court declaring r.n act of
Congress unconstitutional."
