# Town Suit
## 
### 

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc

IN DIItECT opposition to the
tailored mode is this two-piece
dressy suit of Forstmaim null
ity crepe. The jacket is wrist
length, and has an A/urea blue
fox collar. The model is worn
by Phyllis Corson. Courtesy
O'Connor. Moffatt. San Fran
cisco.
Photo by Boyc
