# CAL MEETS GAEL NINE
## 
### 
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
California and St. Mary's varsities
will meet tomorrow on the Berkeley
campus in a conference game. This
will be the first conference contest
for California, while St. Mary's only
start last Wednesday resulted in a
0-2 win over the Stanford Indians.
