# BALL GAME AIRED
## 
### 
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
For those who are minus
tickets lor the Big Game to
night. the game will be de
scribed over the radio. Turn
to KQW, at 1000 kilocycles, at
8 o clock. Doug Montcll will
announce.
