# PARASOLS BACK
## 
### 
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (vP). —Parasols are
back with the spring fashions here.
Designers showed them in bright
printed cotton for beach wear and
patterned silks for rfternoon. They
even appeared in -1 ecked wool with
street frocks made >f the same ma
terial. A long crook handle marked
many of them.
