# Indian Diver
## 
### 

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)

TOM BOOTHE will uphold the
Stanford cause in the diving
competition of the Pacific Asso
ciation swimming championships
to be held in Encina Pools to
morrow. (Daily Fhoto)
