# Stanford Women Jurors
## 
### 

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)

THE DESTINIES of Stanford women arc guided by the recently
elected Women's Council. Reading from left to right, members of
the body arc: front row, Annalee Whitmoie, Pat Flavel, Barbara
Kimball; back row, Esther Pelton and Mary Bclford. (Daily Photo)
