# Hair Bows Still Tops For Wear on Quad
## 
### 
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
Flattering bows slill remain pop- \
ular as hair ornaments for Quad
wear. Worn either to match the
sweater set or in direct contrast,
these ribbons contribute to the
"smooth" appearance of Stanford
women. They are made of grograin,
velvet, or satin ribbon.
Also in favor arc novelty orna
ments such as jewelled beetles and
wooden initials.
