# Board of Control Meets.
## 
### 
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
The Board of Control met this af
ternoon to consider the bids which
have been submitted for the work 011
the new athletic fields. No definite
action was taken this afternoon. The
Board plans to have these fields ready
for use by next September.Some de
tails incident to the moving of the
bleachers 011 the football field, were
also attended to.
