# Sale for Senior Ball Closes on 18th.
## 
### 
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
Tickets for the Senior Ball will not
he sold after Saturday, May 18. Two
weeks remain in which to purchase
the tickets but after that time the
committee positively states that 110
tickets can be purchased. This is
necessary as arrangements with the
caterer must be made by the 19th,
and to allow the purchase of tickets
after that date would complicate the
arrangements for supper.
