# Jordan Will Captain U. C. Nine.
## 
### 
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
After playing on the Varsity nine
for three consecutive seasons R. A.
Jordan was yesterday elected captain
of the California baseball team for
next year. Jordan played left field
during his Freshman and Sophomore
years, but this season he was putin
the pitcher's box. where he made a
good showing.
