# Two Automobile Accidents on Road.
## 
### 
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
Two slight automobile accidents oc
curred at the entrance to the new
automobile road yesterday afternoon,
both resulting from the inability of
the drivers to locate the entrance in
time to check their speed. A large
White steam car dashed into the fence
at the right of the entrance, demol
ishing the radiator and injuring the
steering-gear, and later two machines
went together in • head-on collision
at the gate, though neither was seri
ously damaged. No one was injured
in cither accident.
