# CHINESE JUNK SIGHTED, LOST
## 
### 

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.

THE TAI PING, which took over 100 days to cross the Pacific from the
Orient, was sighted oil' the Washington coast last week on the last lap
of its perilous voyage. Then, before it could get into protected Pirget
Sound, a storm overtook the small craft and from last reports it has
not been found.
