# On the Track.
## 
### 
The attendance at the daily track
practice yesterday afternoon was
exceedingly good. All of the new
men were Â«mit to train for their par
ticular work, and the old men are
gradually dropping into their
places. The men are placed under
their respective leaders and train
under their direction. The men in
the sprints are a little slow in
getting off. but this can he im
proved only with practice.
The weight men have been prac
ticing longer than any of the
others and are getting into good
form.
Those out for work yesterday
were: Freeman, Carle, Wilbur,
Toombs, Lewis, Fickert, Brown,
Brunton, Holbrook, Burke, Smith,
Dole, Bernhard, Pope, and Wil
liams.
