# Lindy Case Clue
## 
### 
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
Hopes for solving the Lindy baby
kidnapping of two years ago rose
yesterday as sinister snatcher Verne
Sankey was questioned by Wash
ington secret agent. Sankey admit
ted leading bands which abducted
Charles Boettcher II and Haskell
Bohn but denied being involved in
the Lindbergh case or in kidnap*
pings of William Hamm, Jr., and Ed
ward Bremer.
Meanwhile Illinois closed its case
against Roger Touhy, Gustav Schae
fer, Albert Kator on charges of kid
napping Jake the Barber Factor and
demanded death penalty from jui'y.
