# Plans for Military Ball Started by Nat Kendall
## 
### 
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
Preparations for Scabbard and
Blade's much-touled annual Mili
ary B;ilI are well under way to
ward a successful climax, commit
tee Chairman Nat Kendall stated
yesterday.
