# Rally Committee Sponsors Dance Following Drama
## 
### 
Event: Dance after "Distant
Drums" production.
Scene: Women's Gym. Time:
about 10 o'clock, after the Dra
matic Council production's last
curtain. Cast, all those on and
off campus, both attending and
not attending the play. Admis
sion, for those with tickets to
the drama, U5 cents; for those
coming only to the dance, 75
cents.
A1 Rushton and his tuneful
Royal Cardinals are to provide
melody for the affair, which has
been patterned after the well
attended post-Gaieties dance.
Unusual decorative effects,
elaborate lighting, and the add
ed feature of a drop curtain
behind the orchestra are also
promised by the supervisory
committee.
