# QUAD GROUP PICTURES
## 
### 
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
Friday
1 p.m.—Constitutional Revi
sion Committee in the Union
Court.
Saturday
;> p.m. —Varsity swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
?> p.m.—Frosh swimming and
water polo teams in Encina
pools.
