# Union Women to Elect New Officers Monday
## 
### 
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
Monday's election will decide the
fate of the numerous nominees for
Union Club officers, who were
named as candidates at last night's
special meeting in the unit of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Matching the old against the new,
Jane Hillebrand, junior transfer
from Swarthmore College, and Jose
phine Schlatter, veteran Stanford
student, will vie for presidency of
the? recently re-organized Union
Club. Candidates for vice-president
are Betty Church, Pomona College
transfer; Ethel Brown, acting Union
dormitory president; and Elizabeth
Manwaring, U.C.L.A. transfer.
Ballots will be cast from 8 o'clock
Monday morning until 7 o'clock that
evening at the Union lobby desk,
with all Union Club members eligi
ble to vote.
