# Jap Olive Branches
## 
### 
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
Bearing Japanese olive branches,
sight-seeing naval Captain Kanji
Ugaki tendered Western nations the
good-will of his people. At home,
Foreign Minister Koki Hiorta in
formed the Diet that economic ner
vousness was preventing East and
West from seeing eye to eye on the
matter of Japan's Oriental policy.
Indicating a quest for upward re
vision of their naval conference ra
tio, armament ministers opposed
merger of land and sea-going air
forces.
