# PIEDMONT BIG SHOTS
## 
### 
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
Captain Hal Edelen and acting-
Captain Howell Turner of the Stan
ford varsity and freshman cage
teams, respectively, both played
prep basketball for Piedmont High
School.
