# Daily's mistake gave his voice more credit than it really deserves
## 
### 
Never have I been as reluctant to cor
rect a news story as I am to correct The
Daily's account of a May 18 luncheon in
honor of former Soviet Foreign Minister
Eduard Shevardnadze.
According to The Daily, I accompanied
George Schultz on the guitar as he sang
"Georgia On My Mind" to the visiting
Georgian. I am further reported to have
sung several solos, including a rousing
Georgian drinking song, as University
President Donald Kennedy, Rep. Tom
Campbell, R-Calif., and others in the
audience clapped.
Several friends who read the story
have called and written to congratulate
me. I have had to confess that I can't
play the guitar, that my singing might
revive the Cold War and that on the day
of the party at Stanford I was in Wash-

ington, D.C. taking part in preparations
for my daughter's wedding two days
later.
Obviously, your reporter confused me
with someone else. I greatly enjoyed the
mix-up!
Alexander L. George
Professor, political science
