# Untitled Article
## 
### 
May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



May 30. 1991

Don't flunk, dunk.
Doughnuts make
great study food.
page 7

Hang your heads no
longer, thou Tresidder
video junkies.
page 8

Peter Jaffe's time at
Stanford ends with a
triumphant finale.
page 3



