# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
COLLEGE
TEACHING
COOPERATIVE
COLLEGE REGISTRY,
A free service of 10 denomi
nations to some 200 church
related liberal arts colleges
throughout the United States.
Administrative and faculty
positions in all areas of cur
riculum. Ph.D. level or near
desired. Salaries $6,000-$17,-
000 plus fringe benefits. In
quire at Stanford University
Placement Services relative to
interview schedule, Nov. 8, 9,
10, 11.
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
All records at Discount Prices
Save • Save
Save
A copy of this ad
entitles you to an
added extra Discount
Come in and Browse
