# Sophomore Meeting.
## 
### 
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
The Class of '01 met in the chapel
ut 1:15 at the call of President
Hahn. For president, V. D. Lous
ley nominated C. E. Gilman, and
E. Warren nominated P. L. Wilson.
The nominations for other oliices
were as follows: First vice-presi
dent, A. B. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary,
F. li. Drake; treasurer, Frank
Hamilton; historian, Miss Winifred
Morgan; class council, Erb, Field,
Lockey, Havens, Sobey, Foster,
Wardall, Miss Kalloch, and Miss
Shaw; track manager, C. J. Swin
dells; football manager, H. C. Bur
mister.
