# Freshman Meeting.
## 
### 
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
The Freshman Class met yester
day at 4:30 p.m. to nominate class
officers. After much time had been
spent and nearly everyone present
had had the chance to run and had
declined, the following were nomi
nated: President, G. W. Dryer;
secretary, Miss H. D. Munday;
treasurer, E. H. Knepper; baseball
manager, W. W. Carson; track
manager, F. W. Bancroft. It was
impossible to get a nomination for
vice-president.
