# BECKETT BETTER.
## The 						Illness of the Baseball Captain Not so Serious as at First Supposed. 
### 
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
Captain Beckett who was thought
yesterday to be very dangerously
ill is now rapidly recovering and
will be entirely well in a few days
at most. Beckett was taken sick
yesterday and became worse rap
idly, so that Dr. Wood was soon
summoned. All the symptoms in
dicated appendicitis and for a time
Dr. Wood thought that was the
trouble. But the sickness is found
to be only a severe and very pain
ful bowel complaint.
Beckett passed a hard night and
this morning Dr. Stallard of Menlo
Park was called and Dr. Wood dis
missed his classes that he might
attend. The doctors had Beckett
under opiates all the forenoon, but
this afternoon he is much better
and is resting quietly with a proba
bility of rapid recovery.
