# Sophomore Wins History Contest
## 
### 
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
John Painter, a Stanford sopho
more, has won first prize of $50
in an annual history essay contest
sponsored by Immaculate Heart
College History Club in Los An
geles.
Painter entered a paper entitled
"The Poker Game," the story of
the fight between William Ral
ston's Bank of California and
Adolph S u t r o's Nevada tunnel
digging company.
