# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
The cornerstone of the Univer
sity was laid on May 14, 1887.
