# Newby ASHA Head
## 
### 
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
New president-elect of the
American Speech and Hearing
Association is Dr. Hayes A. New
by, professor and associate direc
tor of the Division of Speech
Pathology and Audiology of
Stanford University School of
Medicine.
He succeeds the current presi
dent, Dr. Jack Matthews, head of
(he Department of Speech, Uni
versity of Pittsburgh, next Janu
ary 1 and will therefore be presi
dent in the fall of 1964 at the
time of the first annual conven
tion ever to be held by the associ
ation in San Francisco.
