# Griffith Wins
## 
### 
COPENHAGEN (UPll—World
welterweight champion Emile
Griffith celebrated his 25th birth
day yesterday by flooring blood
smeared Chris Christensen three
times and stopping him in the
ninth round when the Dane's
handlers threw in the towel.

Griffith’s welterweight 147-
pound crown was not at stake in
the scheduled 15-round fight with
the former European welter
champion before an estimated
4,000 in Forum Hall.
However, Emile of New York
was defending his synthetic Aus
trian version of the world junior
middleweight 154-pound title as
he registered his ninth straight
victory.
Referee Robert Seidler of Swit
zerland declared a technical
knockout at 1:16 of the ninth
round, just after 36-year-old
Christensen had staggered to his
feel at the count of eight, with
blood pouring from his nose and
from a cut under his right eye—
and the towel came sailing in.
