# Alumni Post Pilled By Ex-Engineer
## 
### 
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
George E. Gamble, A.B. '05. is a
new member of the executive board
of the Stanford Alumni Association.
He makes his home in Palo Alto.
Gamble, a retired mining engineer
who spent many yea.s in the field
in California and Arizona, has an
nounced his acceptance of the ap
pointment, which was made by the
executive board at its last meeting
to fill an unexpired term.
