# Girl Scout Council Seeks Leaders
## 
### 
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
The Menlo-Atherton Girl Scout
Council is looking for young women
who are seeking practical leader
ship experience in working with
girls between the ages of 7 and Jl3.
Interested girls are requested to
call Mrs. Donald Newport at DAv
enport 2-4433.
