# President Macurda Speaks.
## 
### 
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
"Successful Uselessness" was the
subject, which President A. A. Ma
curda, of California College, of Oak
land, spoke upon Sunday afternoon
before a meeting of t.lie Young Men's
Christian Association held in the Uni
versity Chapel at four o'clock.
