# Freshmen Place Banner on Library.
## 
### 
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
Certain Freshmen placed a large
red banner bearing their numerals
high up on lhe dome of the ruined
library some time last night. It
was discovered early this morning
by the Sophomores, one of whom
scaled the framework and removed
the pennant. Xo opposition was of
fered by the members of the first,
year class.
