# Stackin' Zs
## 
### 

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-

Kevin Casey/Daily
tended hours this week for those extra hours of
sleep (and research).

Senior Doug Nelson was caught sleeping in Green
Library while finishing up his graduation require
ments. Both Meyer and Green libraries have ex-
