# Game 2
## Stanford 4 San Diego State 3 
### 




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.




Clockwise from left: Shortstop John Verducci misses the tag
on San Diego State's Chris Gwynn; Aztec coach Jim Dietz
positions his outfielders; Verducci make the unassisted
game-ending double play; freshman Jeff Schroeder leads the
Card rooters in a S-T-A-N-F-O-R-D spell-out.
