# Student Suspended For Semester.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
At a meeting of the Committee on
Student Affairs, held this date, a stu
dent was suspended from the Univer
sity for one semester for having re
ceived aid in an examination.—Com
mittee on Student Affairs, January 10,
