# Nestoria to Hold First Meeting.
## 
### 
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
M. B. Henshaw, '12, president of
Nestoria Literacy Society, has an
nounced that the first meeting of the
semester will be held next Tuesday
evening at 7:30 in room 214. He hopes
that all of the old men and especially
men who are expecting to try ant for
the Carnot debating team, will be
present, as the policy which is to be
pursued this semester will be outlined.
Any new men who are interested in
debating are given a cordial invita
tion to attend.
