# Will Speak on Forestry Insects.
## 
### 
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
Special Agent Burke of the Forest
ry Division of the United States Bu
reau of Entomology, will speak on
Forestry Insects in the Sierra Neva
da and Rocky Mountains, tomorrow
morning at 9:15 in room 430.
