# More Floods In Midwest
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 24
(UP). —Near-record flood water to
night rolled down the valleys of
north central Kansas toward a con
fluence with the choked Missouri
River channel, and engineers
watched the time schedule on the
streams closely as they predicted
record highs along the miles-wide
Missouri.
For nearly two weeks tho Mis
souri has been at flood stage all
along the 582 river miles from Ne
braska City, Neb., to its mouth. The
new crest was to be the most dis
astrous of the series and Verne Al
exander, river engineer of the
Weather Bureau, said it would
scourge the great valley for farm
purposes this year.
"Upwards of 1.000,000 acres are
under water on the Missouri," an
Army engineer spokesman said.
