# BANNISTER, JONES WIN APPLAUSE IN FRENCH CLUB PLAY
## 
### 
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
Moliere's "Le Medicin Malgre Lui'
was read very creditably last night
by the members of the French Club.
The tempo maintained was excellent
and while certain of the less active
scenes dragged slightly the reading
was, on the whole, an amusing one.
Wayne Bannister as Sganareile was
outstanding. He read with subtlety
and humor, using sufficient gesture
to indicate the physical comedy. His
reading showed him to far better
advantage than that of "Young
Woodley" several quarters ago and
proved him possible material for
stage performance.
Florence Jones, playing a little too
evenly in her straight scenes, was
good in the scenes of anger. Theo
dore Shaw and Rjchard Rathman
gave conversation life. An early
deadline prevented our seeing the
other players: Trubee Wadsworth,
Bromley Smith, Jean Beck, and
Elizabeth Wicher. Professor William
Leonard Schwartz gave valuable as
sistance to the players in pronuncia
tion and inflection, and read the
stage directions.
The project is, if limited in ap
peal, worthy of encouragment. A
sizeable audience aproved it heart
ily.
