# TEACHER GETS BOMB
## 
### 
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
SELMA, Jan. 26 (,/P) — A small
bomb, deposited in the mail box,
exploded last night at the home of
George Howden, principal of the
Selma High School. Slight damage
was done.
Swarthmore football players get a
free haircut every time they win a
football game.
