# WOMEN DISPOSE OF OVER FOURTEEN HUNDRED TAGS.
## 
### 
Over fifty women appeared on the
campus yesterday morning, armed
themselves with little white tags, and
lined up in a formation that was hard
to break through. That the result of
their efforts far exceeded their fond
est expectations was evidenced by the
fact that over fourteen hundred con
tributors were seen about the quad
rangle adorned with the safe conduct
badges.
Miss Ruth Sampson, '12, who was in
charge yesterday, reports that over
$140 has already been handed in, with
a possibility of the total passing the
$150 mark when all the returns have
been received.
The membership of the Womens*
Boat Club is increasing very rapidly,
and the completion of an artistic boat
house on the shores of Lagunita is
anticipated before the opening of col
lege for the spring semester.
