# Professor Adams Addresses Club.
## 
### 
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
Professor E. D. Adams, head of the
History department, Rave an interest
ing lecture before the Art Club last
evening. His talk dealt with the atti
tude of England toward the United
States during the Civil War, as reflect
ed by the London Punch. The speaker
showed most interestingly how the
famous cartoons of Tenniel of that per
iod portrayed the wavering sympathies
of Great .Britain towards the North and
the South and her final adoption of a
neutral policy.
