# THREE FRESHMEN CHOSEN TO REPRESENT 1914 IN DEBATE
## 
### 
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
It required a lengthy session of the
judges yesterday evening at the con
clusion of the Freshman debating try
outs to pick the team which will rep
resent that class in the annual under
class debate. The three men chosen,
William Brownlee Owens, Otis Henry
Castle and Carlo 3 Cooper Close, al
though they showed a general superi
ority over their rivals, were neverthe
less closely pressed by several other
speakers and the judges had no little
difficulty in making their decision.
Thirteen men in all tried out and the
high order of the debate as a whole,
spoke well for the new material in the
University's latest class. Arthur Ham
ilton Cawston will act as alternate.
The team selected is a very easily
balanced one. Owen has the poise and
polish of a finished debater, Close pos
sesses the force and aggressiveness of
an effective talker, while Castle ex
cells with a splendid diction, his fluent
command of English being one of the
features of the tryouts. The trio to
gether makes a very formidable or
ganization.
Owen won his place on the team by
upholdidng the affirmative of the ques
tion, "Resolved, That, the United
States should fortify the Panama
Canal." He advocated fortification as

a measure of protection to this coun
try and of maintaining the canal itself.
Castle and Close opposed each other
as negative and affirmative speakers
respectively on the question, "Resol
ved, That immigration should be fur
ther restricted by the imposition of an
educational test." Close argued that
the laws as they now stand are in
efficient and that education is practi
cable. Castle contended that the de
sirability of immigrants is not based
primarily upon education.
Owens is a Pre-Legal major from
San Jose, while Close, registering in
the same department, hails from Spo
kane. Castle's home is in Pasadena
and he is enrolled in the English de
partment.
The judges yesterday evening were,
Instructor P. A. Martin of the History
department. Instructor I. P. Cross of
the Department of Economics and W.
C. Shelton, 'OS. F. E. Hill, '11, presi
dent of Euphronia Literary Society
presided.
