# DIE 						WORK IN PASADENA
## 
### 
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
Dr. James A. Work, professor of
English, left Friday for Pasadena,
where ho will spend the rest of this
quarter working at the Huntington
Library on an annotated edition ol
Henry Fielding's novel "Tom Jone:;,'
according to the English Depart
ment.
