# Union Open House; No Dates Needed
## 
### 
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
"Court Capers," the annual no
date opnn house given by Union
Residence, will be h"ld in Union
Court Friday night from 8:30 to
U:.'so.
Entertainment will feature vol
leyball, bridge names, ping pone,
and dancing in the Court to popular
records.
"Everyone is invited," stated Al
lison Dice, social chairman.
Admission is free, and refresh
ments consisting of hot dogs, cokes,
and ice cream will be sold.
Chairmen of the committees in
clude: Cathy Morris and Jean Mc
intosh, arrangements; Margaret
Hutchins and Nancy Kendall, re
freshments; Bcttylu Sullivan, fnvi
tations; Loraine Pielhop and S"san
Engelhard, publicity; and Mary
Stafford, Jane Vinson, Margery
Swett. and Dot Lind, booths.
