# Support Pledged For Scholarship
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council voted un
animously to support the Tarver
Exchange Scholarship at the first
meeting of the quarter, A 1 Harris,
secretary-treasurer, said Thursday.
The council also mitlinad ground
work for next year's rushing, and
pledged support to a relief drive to
round up old clothes and utensils
for Europe's needy.
Support of the Tarver Scholarship
will be augmented by an assessment
of $2 a month on each of the Row
houses, Harris said. Tentatively the
exchange will be with the Univer
sity of London.
The drive for clothing, utensils,
and other old but usable items will
be mad? by each house individually,
he said. At the end of the drive the
council will collect the donations
artd send them to relief agencies in
Europe.
