# LASSU To Debate C15 Nominee
## 
### 
The Legislature will meet this eve
ning at 7:30 in Room 320 with student
Committee of 15 appointments the
prime business on the agenda. Stu
dent Body President Dave Harris is
expected to reaffirm his nomination of
Jan Handke as the fifth student mem
ber of the committee.
Last week the legislature approved
the student body president, Martin
Gerry, Tom Forstenzer, and Charles
Despres but turned down Harris's
nomination of Jan Handke. As Harris
was not preparer! then to present an
other nomination, the Legislature ap

proved Miss Handke for the interven
ing week as a temporary representa
tive.
According to Speaker Tom Forsten
zer. the agenda includes a report on
what has transpired since the last
LASSU meeting from the student
members of the Committee of Fifteen.
Craig Vaenator plans to introduce
legislation calling for a guaranteed
yearly payments plan. This would be
modeled on the system of tuition pay
ment which exists at certain small
colleges like St. Olaf's. The idea is
that the University would sign a con

tract with an entering student stating
just what he would have to pay for
each year he attended the University.
Student body President Dave Harris
indicated at the October 13 LASSU
meeting that he intends to ask the
legislature again to confirm his ap
pointment of Jan Handke to the Com
mittee of Fifteen. He told the mem
bers of the legislature at that time
that they should "get used to hearing
her name." Strong opposition to Har
ris's efforts to have Miss Handke's
appointment approved is oxpectod.
