# Grads To Discuss Programs
## 
### 
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
Representatives from major
graduate schools of education
will be on campus to discuss
their respective institutions
Thursday at 4 p.m. in Tresidder,
rooms 270-271.
Among those schools partici
pating are Stanford .Harvard,
University of Chicago, Univer
sity of Oregon, UCLA, USC, and
UC Berkeley. A discussion pe
riod and an informal coffee hour
will follow the speeches.
Sponsored by the Senior Class,
under the auspices of its Grad
School Speaker's Program, this
is the first of four major presen
tations dealing with graduate
study in the fields of law, busi
ness, and education.
Created in response to the

growing need for relevant and
practical information concerning
specific schools in these areas
of graduate study, the Speaker's
program is designed to bring
knowledgeable representatives
from major schools to Stanford.
The format of each presenta
tion, which includes speeches by
each individual, a question and
answer period, and an informal
coffee hour, is designed to al
low as much contact as is pos
sible between the students and
the representatives.
Other programs include a two
part Law School presentation on
October 25 and November 1, and
a Business School program on
November 8.
