# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Servicc
Body, Fender, nnd Painf
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phone 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
