# TACOMA OPEN CHAMP
## 
### 
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
A1 Zimmerman, Portland profes
sional, won the Tacoma Open golf
championship yesterday, carding 139
for the 36 holes. He was defending
champion.
