# Women Line Up For Officer Jobs
## 
### 
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
From Natchez to Mobile, from
Memphis to St. Jo, from Peoria to
San Francisco, El Paso, Texarkana
and Raleigh, N.C., fat girls, thin
girls and grey-haired mothers lined
up 10000 strong before recruiting
stations today, scrambling for 450
jobs as officers in Uncle Sam's wom
en's army.
