# THREE FAMED GENERALS MEET
## 
### 

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.

THIS FAMED TRIO toured a number of war plants in California,
including San Diego, where this picture was taken. From left: Gen
eral George C. Marshall, Lieut. John L. DcWiU, and Brig. Gen.
James 11. Doolittlc.
