# Euphronia.
## 
### 
After the devotional exercises by the
chaplain, the program in Kuphronia
Saturday evening was opened with an
impromptu speech by J.ewers on the
question, "JJccb higlur education unfit
a man for the matrimonial state?" Ir
win also delivered an impromptu speech,
his subject being "Public and Private
Morals." The regular debate, which
was on the live topic " Resolved, That
football as now pla)ed should bo cu
couragcd as a feature of University
athletics,*' was opened by Purnell for
the affirmative and Schulte for the neg
ative. They were assisted by Colliver
and Morrison. Hy a vote of the society
the affirmative won. The Kuphronia
quartet, composed of Guon, Handwick,
Koss, and Irwin, gave two vocal selec
tions which were heartily received.
Brown rendered the critic's report.
After the devotional exercises by the
chaplain, the program in Kuphronia
Saturday evening was opened with an
impromptu speech by J.ewers on the
question, "JJccb higlur education unfit
a man for the matrimonial state?" Ir
win also delivered an impromptu speech,
his subject being "Public and Private
Morals." The regular debate, which
was on the live topic " Resolved, That
football as now pla)ed should bo cu
couragcd as a feature of University
athletics,*' was opened by Purnell for
the affirmative and Schulte for the neg
ative. They were assisted by Colliver
and Morrison. Hy a vote of the society
the affirmative won. The Kuphronia
quartet, composed of Guon, Handwick,
Koss, and Irwin, gave two vocal selec
tions which were heartily received.
Brown rendered the critic's report.
After the devotional exercises by the
chaplain, the program in Kuphronia
Saturday evening was opened with an
impromptu speech by J.ewers on the
question, "JJccb higlur education unfit
a man for the matrimonial state?" Ir
win also delivered an impromptu speech,
his subject being "Public and Private
Morals." The regular debate, which
was on the live topic " Resolved, That
football as now pla)ed should bo cu
couragcd as a feature of University
athletics,*' was opened by Purnell for
the affirmative and Schulte for the neg
ative. They were assisted by Colliver
and Morrison. Hy a vote of the society
the affirmative won. The Kuphronia
quartet, composed of Guon, Handwick,
Koss, and Irwin, gave two vocal selec
tions which were heartily received.
Brown rendered the critic's report.
