# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tjiose who are in the habit of
removiug papers and magazines from
the Encina reading room, or clip
ping su"h articles as strike their
fancy, are not doing the right thing
towards their fellow boarders, and
the mere mention of this should
cause them to desist. It, is mani
tVstly unjust ami unfair to those
who have contributed towards ihe
maintenance of the reading room.
Tjiose who are in the habit of
removiug papers and magazines from
the Encina reading room, or clip
ping su"h articles as strike their
fancy, are not doing the right thing
towards their fellow boarders, and
the mere mention of this should
cause them to desist. It, is mani
tVstly unjust ami unfair to those
who have contributed towards ihe
maintenance of the reading room.
Tjiose who are in the habit of
removiug papers and magazines from
the Encina reading room, or clip
ping su"h articles as strike their
fancy, are not doing the right thing
towards their fellow boarders, and
the mere mention of this should
cause them to desist. It, is mani
tVstly unjust ami unfair to those
who have contributed towards ihe
maintenance of the reading room.
