# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We publish today a comparative
statement of the work done in the
library during the first three months
of this year and in the same months
of last year The statistics for the
present year show a marked increased
u-e of books over that of last. This
is to be attributed to our increased
uumoer of students, and to the pop
ularity of the English, History, and
Economics departments. The num
ber of hooks used during the first
month of the semester is the more
remarkable when we consider that
study did not commence in earnest
until after the first week. We may
infer from the decrease of the follow
ing month that the freshmen wete
beginning to perceive the fallacy of
attempting to read all their refer
ences-
A. good library is the result of
slow growth und careful additions.
Otir library, t' ough small, shows
the result of careful choice, and is a
got d nucleus for future additions.
