# Former Card Diamond Ace Signed by Seattle
## 
### 
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
George Farrell, former star third
baseman for Stanford's baseball
team, has signed a contract today
with the Seattle Rainiers of the Pa
cific Coast League. At present, Far
rell is helping freshman baseball
coach Harry Shipkey here before
reporting for spring practice at the
Seattle training camp. Farrell was
third-sacker for the Twin Falls,
Idaho, club of the Pioneer League
during the season of 1939.
