# Cates to speak
## 
### 
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
Dr. Ward Cates, a leading fig
ure in the formulation of na
tional poliq- for sexually trans
mitted diseases will lecture
today in a Human Biology class
that will be open to the public.
Cates, director of the division
of STDs at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta, will
lecture at 3:15 in Fairchild
Auditorium at the Medical
School on policy, reporting and
trends in the field of STDs.
Cates said policy issues that
public health officals must con
front include the limits society
can place on an individual in the
interest of the public good and
what type of information should
be disseminated through the
federal government and the na
tional media to the general
public.
