# Spanish Club Will Hold Meeting This Evening
## 
### 
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
Spanish Club will hold its last meet
ing of the quarter this evening at 8
o'clock, in the Women's Clubhouse.
No program has been planned, since
the meeting is to be social. All stu
dents who are interested in Spanish
are invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.
