# Euphronia Society Will Elect Officers Tonight
## 
### 
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
Election of officers of Euphronia so
ciety will be held at a special meeting
tonight in the law lecture room. The
session is called for 7:30, and is to
last until 8 o'clock. It is announced
that all those who have attended at
least one meeting this quarter may
vote.
