# Stanford Alumni Organize New Club at Reno, Nevada
## 
### 
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
At the annual Founders' Day dinner
held by the Stanford alumni of Reno,
the Stanford Club of that city was for
mally organized with forty members.
Charles Cantwell was chosen president;
S. W. Bedford, and Hugh H. Brown,
vice-presidents; and Mrs. S. E. Ross,
secretary-treasurer. Professor Maxwell
Adams, Mrs. H. M. Fulton and L. I).
Summerfield were elected as members of
the executive committee.
