# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
Stanford
THE ATRE
Phone 40 Palo Alto
Thursday, Nov. 15
HAROLD LLOYD In
"WHY WORRY"
also
"Columbus"
The first authentic and dramatic
story of America's discovery.
Adapted from the Chronicles of
America presented by Yale Uni
versity Press.
Kinograms Fun from the Press
