# Professor Abrams' Book On Botany Is Published
## 
### 
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
"Illustrated Flora of the Pacific
States" is the title of the new botani
cal dictionary by Professor Leroy
Adams, of the Botany department at
Stanford. The first book of the three
volume work is just off the University
press.
Dr. Abrams gives a detailed discus
sion of the flora of Washington, Ore
gon, and California. The work de
scribes and classifies plants of this
region, with both popular and scien
tific names attached. Particular atten
tion has been given to Indian and
Spanish California names.
