# Engineering Profs Attend Convention
## 
### 
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
Five faculty members of the
Stanford Mechanical Engineering
Department are attending the an
nual meeting of the American So
ciety of Mechanical Engineers in
New York City Nov. 29 to Dec. 4.
Papers will be presented by Pro
fessors William M. Kays, James N.
Goodier, and A. L. London, acting
head of the department. Professor
Emeritus Stephen P. Timoshenko
will speak at a luncheon meeting of
the Society for Experimental Stress
Analysis.
Professor Aris Phillips completes
the Stanford group attending the
ASME convention.
