# Shipline Official to Talk On U.S. Maritime Policy
## 
### 
Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

Arthur B. Poole, vice-president
and director of American President
Lines of San Francisco, will speak
today at Stanford.
He will talk on "U.S. Merchant
Marine Policy" to transportation
students of the Graduate School of
Business, where he is consulting
professor of water transportation.
Mr. Poole has just returned from
hearings before the Federal Mari
time Board in Washington, D.C.

