# CAR ENTERS COTTAGE Wierd Campus Accident FURNITURE DEMOLISHED
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Hermanson were
suddenly interrupted at dinner Sun
day night when a car drove into the
bedroom of their summer cottage on
(he Portola road at the rear of the
campus.
On hearing the loud crash followed
by the tinkling of broken glass, they
rushed into the bedroom and discov
ered an automobile surrounded by de
molished furniture. In it sat Albert
Horwitz of Berkeley and Miss Mary
Sullivan of San Francisco, uninjured.
The Hermansons experienced a simi
lar shock a week ago Saturday night,
when a ton truck crashed into their
garage. The truck was driven by Louis
Tombcrlin of San Jose, who forgot to
turn the wheel when he came to a
sharp bend in the road. Plunging down
a 10-foot embankment, Mr. Tombcrlin
found himself and the truck upside
down on the roof of the Hermanson
garage.
