# Correction
## 
### 
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
Yesterday's story on University
President Donald Kennedy's State of
the University speech incorrectly
stated that Kennedy maintained that
an investigation of the Hoover In
stitution would violate the Universi
ty's current conceptions of academic
freedom and would therefore be in
appropriate.
Kennedy said, "The important fea
tures (of the Kennedy debate), it
seems to me, have to do with gover
nance and the mode of appointment,
and not with who has what kind of
politics. . .
"Indeed, consideration of those
matters is not only improper under
our own perceptions of academic
freedom but plays its own role in
turning the discussion into one that
is unnecessarily strident on both
sides."
