# Slugging Victim Suffers Shock
## 
### 
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
Dan Holtom, Stanford drama grad
uate who was victim of two hitch
hikers over the week-end, is still
suffering from shock but is not in a
serious condition, according to re
ports from the Palo Alto Hospital
last night.
Search for the two hitch-hikers
who slugged and robbed Holtom last
Friday is continuing. Recent, infor
mation has revealed that the sum
stolen was between $100 and $200
instead of the $1,000 originally re
ported. The money was to pay his
brother Gerald's railroad fare to
Washington, D.C., where he is to
attend a civil service school.
The concussion is aggravated by
former head injuries incurred about
two years ago in theater work and a
swimming accident. Reports of a
recent injury at the theater are un
founded.
