# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## JERRY BRUCKER, Sports Editor A 						WAY, WAY UP HE GOES 
### 

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.

JAY RAND. Lake Placid skier, clears 155 feet to win the Norway Ski
Club tournament at Bear Mountain, N.Y. It was his first major
triumph.
