# U.S. STORES WOOL
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27 (UP).
—The Swedish freighter Kanangoora
today arrived with a cargo of about
19,000 bales of wool sent from Aus
tralia by the British government for
storage in the United States during
the war emergency. A total of about
250,000,000 pounds eventually will
arrive here. The shipments will be
taken by railroad to Texas for
storage.
