# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The genuine spontaneous out
burst of enthusiasm at the rally
Friday night was an exhibition of
the sort of spirit which must con
tinue throughout the season if we
expect to dedicate our new field
with a glorious victory. It is un
necessary to supplement the advice
given to the new men by faculty
speakers and coaches at the rally
Friday night, but it might not be
amiss to repeat some of their valu
able suggestions.
To the old men who have be
come imbued with Stanford spirit
and ideals it is not necessary to
dwell on the necessity of observ
ing training rules. The new men,
however, fresh from preparatory
schools, where training is usually
a matter of individual preference,
may think that a breach of these
regulations will be readily for
given. Those who think lightly of
the rules should free their minds
of this notion without delay, for
summary dismissal from the squad
will surely be the fate of the man
who transgresses the regulations.
The student who does not play
football also has his duty in this
connection, not only by refraining
from tempting the players to
break training rules, but by in
forming the proper authorities of
any infraction of the regulations
which may fall under his observa
tion.
