# Give 'Em The Axe, The Axe, The Axe!!
## 
### 

Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.


Ernest Arbuckle, the usually staid Dean of the Business School and
future head of the Board of Trustees of Wells-Fargo, freaked out
Saturday in front of several thousand Stanford students. The "Red
Hot Prof eletcrlfied the football fans in a "Give 'em the AXE,
the AXE, the AXE" cheer. First Arbuckle raised his arms calling
for volume as the chant began. The his motions became a violent
frenzy as he swung his arms back and forth chaotically lifting them


up and down while thumping wildly on the cheerleader platform.
Stanford's rooting section reacted as never before: almost as one,
it leaped up at the conclusion, its roaxl dwarfing even the noise
of the cannon shot off earlier. Arbuckle finished the chant in com
plete physical and spiritual exhaustion. The students saluted him
and their own ability to actually complete a cheer.

