# Anderson At Cubberley
## 
### 

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.

Lieutenant Governor Glenn M.
Anderson speaking on ethnic
groups and the Watts ghetto
yesterday in tli<* Young Demo
crat's program in CubHerly.
