# On The Eve Of Dead Week
## Burning The Midnight Oil 
### 

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.

Midnight oil sinus to l»e more popular than Stanford's traditional moonlight
ritual these days as finals week, like late, draws inexorably near. Those of
you who will he annul next quarter might not lie interested iu scraphooking
this picture, hut we hope it is some small stimulus toward decreasing Hie
uumher of those of von who'll he soon talking to your friendly Army recruiter.
