# Mohrman Claws Bears' Bronk
## 
### 

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.

Daily I'boto by Charles Kit*-

Defensive tackle Monty Mohrman mauls Cal quar
terback Barry Bronk for a sizable loss. Two uni
dentified Stanford taeklers move in as Cal taekle
Dnane Maytiekl (71) looks on hopelessly. Mohrman,
a senior and a eo-eaptain for Big Game, was named
lineman of the game. His defensive cohorts held
Cal's offense to -3 yards rushing and nine yards
total offense in tlie second half.
