# FILM HISTORY:
## Authority Will Speak 
### 
The story of the first motion pic
tures ever filmed and of the man
who made them in 1879 on Senator
Stanford's Palo Alto stock farm will
be told at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Beaumont Newhall, world author
ity on the history of photography,
will speak on "Muybridge and the
Suspense of Time," illustrating his
lecture with slides and motion pic
tures.
The first successful experiment in
moving pictures resulted from a bet
that Senator Stanford made that all
four feet of a trotting horse were
off the ground at a given point in
the stride. Stanford brought San
Francisco photographer Eadweard
Muybridge to Palo Alto, where cam
eras were arranged along the back
stretch of a training track and
strings were arranged across the
track to trip the shutters as the
horse passed the cameras. The still
pictures were put together and run
on a projector. Stanford won his
bet.
Newhall is curator of the George
Eastman House at Rochester, New
York, an institute and museum of
photography. He was formerly con
nected with New York's Metropoli
tan Museum and the Museum of
Modern Art. He is also author of
the book, "The History of Photog
raphy."
Professor Wallace E. Stegner, di
rector of the Stanford Creative
Writing Center, will introduce the
speaker.
