# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
STANFORD MEN
KNOW A GOOD
SHOE!
That's why they like
this one, designed by
Phelps-Terkel for uni
versity men. Good moc
casin style — good
sturdy English leather
—good fair price.
$8.50
PHELPS
TER K E L
538 Ramon a Street
