# MOSLEM UPRISING
## 
### 
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
JAMMU, Kashmir, India, Jan. 25.
</P)—A Moslem uprising against
Hindus was reported tonight in
twelve villages of Kashmir. Moslem
forces of 12,000 were reported to
have risen against the Hindus.
