# LINGUISTIC ADVISER TO LECTURE HERE ON LANGUAGE STUDY
## 
### 
Dr. Harold E. Palmer, linguistic
adviser to the Japanese Department
of Education in the English Insti
tute, Tokio, will speak on "A New
Technique of Language Study" to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.
This lecture, arranged by the
Committee on Public Exercises, is
an unusual opportunity for language
f.tudents as Dr. Palmer is well
known foi his analyses of the learn
ing involved in mastering languages,
and the fruit of his investigations
will btÂ» found in many books that
he has written. For the last ten
years Dr. Palmer has been in Tokio
where his influence as a linguistic
adviser has done much to improve
methods of teaching English in
Japan.
Professor Palmer is spending a
year on leave of absence and has
spent the first part of this time in
Russia and the Continent. Since last
September he has been visiting
American schools and speaking to
teachers' institutes in the United
