# KAPPA SIGMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Everman Eld
ridee, '33.
