# CARL LINN LECTURES FOR CHEM SEMINAR
## 
### 
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
"The constitution of the Grignard
re-agent" was the subject of a lec
ture by Carl Linn, Assistant Pro
fessor of Organic Chemistry, before
the regular weekly chemistry semi
nar held yesterday afternoon at 4
o'clock in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.

Eight navy recruiting stations in
as many citins will be closed in
January us a measure of economy
