# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
—The classical department of
Wisconsin is to present a (Jreek
play next winter. The Daily Car
dinal in writing of the play men
tions the presentation of "Anti
gone'' on the Pacific Coast by the
Stanford classical department.
