# Newspaper Correspondents.
## 
### 
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
The men corresponding for San
Francisco papers this semester are
practically the same as before
Christmas. News for the morning
papers is handled by Thoreau
Cronyn, '03, the Chronicle ; A. E
Cooley, '02, the Call; and I'. A.
Tarpey, '05, the Examiner. The
Bulletin correspondence is cared for
by H. M. Lewis, '04, and the Eve
ning Post by T. E.Stephenson, '03.
The Associated Press correspondent
is B. C. Dey, '05.
