# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc

HOOTENANNY TIME — University of California
demonstrators used the hood and roof of a cam
pus police car as a podium from which to lead
their fellow students in song yesterday. More

than 400 students staged a massive sit-in around
the vehicle to prevent officers from removing
one of the arrested demonstrators from campus.
Itoily I'liiitu I>> Jiiii llornc
