# Tresidder Spaces Taken
## 
### 
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
About 100 spaces in the Tre
sidder parking - lot will be
blocked off on Monday, Tues
day, and Wednesday for the
Hoover Conference, according 1
to Assistant Police Chief Thom
as F. Bell. Students are asked
to cooperate by finding other
parking places.
