# Debate Decided.
## 
### 
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
At a conference of the debaters
this afternoon it was finally de
cided to accept the question
recenty submitted for the next in
tercollegiate debate by the Berke
ley committee, and the affirmative
was chosen as the side Stanford
will uphold. Such a settlement of
the troublesome difficulties which
have arisen during the negotia
tions of the past few weeks is a
great concession to the right of
Berkeley, but it was felt best thai
the action be taken because of the
various complications which have
arisen, and of tbe unpleasantness
which would surely follow if our
representatives held out anv
longer for what was obviously
Stanford's rights in the case.
Briefly, the differences are these:
At the appointed time the Berkeley
committee sent to Stanford the
"Canteen" question as the one they
had chosen for the next intercol
legiate contest. The day before
Stanford was to announce their
choice of sides a request came from
President Wheeler of Berkeley to
have this question withdrawn and
another one submitted. Stanford
agreed to consider a good sub
stitute, and at President Wheeler's
further request another question
was submitted by the Berkeley com
mittee. This last question was ex
tremely vague, and in consequence
Stanford asked for a definite ..inter
pretation of it. This Berkeley has
persistently refused to give. The
Stanford debaters felt that as the
request for a new question came en
tirely from Berkeley that the latter
should accede to a simple request
to have a definite issue stated, and
maintained rightly that they were
in duty bound to do so. Berkeley
sent an evasive reply which meant
nothing. At this point the matter
was taken up and finally settled
this afternoon by the Stanford com
mittee sending the following dis
patch to Berkeley:
" Out of courtesy to President
Wheeler, and to avoid further un
pleasant delay, we waive our right
to have, under the circumstances, a
definite interpretation of the ques
tion submitted, and hereby accept
it. We choose the affirmative."
The question, then, as finally de
cided upon, is':
" Resolved, That the guarantees
of the Constitution should extend
to all persons and territory under
the permanent control of the United
States, except to persons living in
tribal relations."
