# 3 Scholarships Abroad Open
## 
### 
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
Students who wish to apply for
one-year scholarships abroad, spon
sored by the Foreign Scholarship
Committee, must do so by Satur
day.
Three scholarships are available
—at the Free University of Berlin,
the University of Pa via in Italy,
and a university in France, as yet
undesignated.
These scholarships will provide
room, board, tuition, and spending
money for a year. Travel expenses
are not included.
For further information, students
may contact Phil Nielsen at the
Foreign Scholarship Office in the
ASSU Building.
