# Organization Fund Reports Available
## 
### 
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
Copies of the Students' Organiza
tions Fund Report for the fiscal
year ending Aug. 31, 1050, are now
available at the ASSU office for all
interested students. The report con
tains the complete budgets of all
Stanford organizations for last year.
Printed copies of the ASSU Con
stitution are also available at the
office. Supplements containing the
revisions made as of the last elec
tion will be ready later in the
quarter.
