# DID YOU KNOW THAT...
## 
### 
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
Nylon eomr out of o fundamental re
search program begun in 1927. How
ever, it took 13 years and $27 mil
lion in research and operative invest
ment to get into satisfactory commer
cial production.
