# Adv. 48 Page 12
## 
### 
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
WordStar Users
Our technical writers in downtown Palo Alto
need occasional help editing or creating
WordStar files. If you've used WordStar at
least one year and can work on-call days,
evenings or weekends, we will pay SB/hour
(our computers).
Call Lee McHenry.
Warthman Associates
560 Waverly Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
(415) 322-4555
