# Libyan denies shots came from embassy
## 
### 
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
From The Washington Post
Tripoli, Libya — Foreign
Minister Ali Abdussalam Treiki
said yesterday he was confident
a quick agreement could be
worked out to end the continu
ing confrontation at the Libyan
Embassy in London.
"The British are very
reasonable people, people we
can deal with," Treiki said. "I
believe we can work it out. We

expect them to lift the siege."
Yesterday, a spokesman for his
office had accused the British of
"arrogance and barbarism" and
had promised "revenge."
(But Libyan ruler Moammar
Khadafy, in an interview broad
cast by the British Broadcasting
Corp. and NBC television,
accused Britain of provoking
the incident by storming the em
bassy with helicopters and

armored police. "Our people
are very, very angry," Khadafy
warned. He said that "British
police forces and helicopters
and armored forces must
withdraw immediately and
release our people there, noth
ing else.")
In an interview over lunch in
his quarters at a downtown
hotel here, Treiki said, "We
have confirmed that absolutely

no guns were used from inside
our mission" in Tuesday's
shooting in London, in which a
London policewoman was killed
and 11 Libyan demonstrators
were wounded by what British
authorities said was a machine
gun fired from an embassy win
dow.
Reminded that the British in
sist the shots came from the

Libyan mission, Treiki said.
"We have the courage to say yes
if it happened. We would he
frank if someone did it. But it
didn't happen, but if it did we
will do our own investigation
and punish anyone who did
this."
Treiki continued to reject the
British request to search the
Libyan Embassy in London.
