# Adv. 25 Page 5
## 
### 
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
LILIES OF THE
FIELD WE ARE NOT.
j
Remember the lilies of the bible?
They toiled not. Neither did they
spin. As Dominican Sisters of the
Sick Poor we toil for the young
as well as the old,for the acute
as well as the chronically ill and
we care not for their race or re
ligion for all are of the kingdom
of God. Our feet carry us along
busy streets, up and down tene
ment stairs,in and out of homes
where illness, ignorance, discour
agement and despair are some
times permanent guests. Nursing,
counseling, helping to keep fam
ilies together in their homes as
one loving unit. The Dominican
Sisters of the Sick Poor achiev
ing the impossible every day of
the year.
To learn how you can serve as a
Dominican Sister of the Sick Poor
write to:
Sister Marguerite Mitchell,
Vocation Director
Room 103
Mariandale, Ossining,
New York 10562
DOMINICAN SKIERS OF
INI SICK POOR. jjn|
m
