# Groups Announce Election Results
## 
### 
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
The American Society of Civil
Engineers announced the election of
officers for next year. They are:
David Holtun, president; Cecil
Broome, vice-president; Dick Walk
er, secretary; Kenneth Guerrero,
treasurer.
* * *
Stanford's legal fraternity, Phf
Alpha Delta, has elected the follow
ing officers for 1954-55: Justice,
j Harry Hupp; vice - justice, Earl
jOdcll; marshal, Gene Rauen; clerk,
i Chuck Gofl; treasurer, John Cohan.
