# Applications Due Now For May Draft Test
## 
### 
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
Application must be made to
day by all students who wish to
take the College Qualification Test
to be administered by the Selec
tive Service on May 20. Applica
tion may be made to Walter J.
Findeisen, director, Veterans' Rec
ords Office, Building 100, Room
102-J,
Students who registered for the
November, 1953, or the April, 1951,
test, but were prevented from at
tending by illness or other emer
gency, are eligible for the special
test.
The May 20 test will be the last
held this academic year.
