# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
■ Jt, Mt
H you really want to
beat stress and improve
your concentration and
memory, there's an
upcoming lecture you
shouldn't miss.
