# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
The difference between ''very
near right 1 ' and ''exactly
right'' in Glasses is the dif
ference between failure and
success. You get ''exactly
right'' GLASSES when you come
to us — and we guarantee it.
