# Appointed to Naval Academy.
## 
### 
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
(ji. \V~. Kneisly, '07, has been
informed of his appointment to the
United States Naval Academy as
representative from Oklahoma.
Kneisly receive*! the appointment
to Annapolis through the Terri
torial representative. He will
leave for the University of Califor
nia on Saturday to do special
work in preparation for the en
trance examinations of the Naval
Academy which he will take next
September.
Kneisly registered last fall from
Guthrie, Oklahoma, as a special
student in civil engineering. The
appointment which he has just
received includes four years' work
at Annapolis, two years' service at
sea, and two years of practice prior
to entering the navy.
