# "Quad" Ready Tuesday.
## 
### 
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
The 1001 Quad will be placed oh
sale on the quadrangle next Tues
day morning. This is the seventh
volume of the Quad series, and will
undoubtedly surpass all previous
numbers. Many new features have
been introduced, and the art work
is of a strikingly original order.
The Josh department is calculated
to produce considerable excitement.
A large sale is expected.
