# MANAGERS TO MEET
## 
### 
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
Gifford Myers, head manager of
intramural activities, will call a
meeting of men who are managing
intramurals for their respective liv
ing groups tonight at 7:30 o'clock for
the purpose of discussing important
plans for this quarter's competition.
