# FEATURE ARTICLES ARE PROMINENT IN NEXT ILLUSTRATED
## 
### 
The February issue of the Illustrated
Review, gives full evidence that that
monthly is becoming more and more a
forum for student expression. Any one,
totally unfamiliar with student affairs
could obtain an adequate idea of the
existing conditions on the campus, and
one who is thoroughly familiar with
campus life will find his views reflect
ed in several articles appearing in this
issue of the Review.
Perhaps the article which will Jind the
most readers will be that by an anony
mous writer, entitled, "Clothes Make the
Woman," where in the writer takes ex
ception to the dress worn by campus
women in general, and, it is understood,
by special groups, in particular
Of interest to the women especially,
will be t hereply to President Wilbur's
arguments against the sorority housing
system, written by Florence Hocking,
'22. This article challenges some state
ments. of President Wilbur upon the
question, and gives the sorority women's
viewpoint of the matter.
