# Allied Airmen Drop Bombs on Bairoko
## 
### 
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, Thurs
day, July 22—Allied airmen dropped
133 tons of bombs on Bairoko Harbor
on the northwest coast of New Geor
gia Island, eight miles above the be
leaguered enemy base at Munda, an
Allied communique said today. The
harbor, a point of entry for supplies
and reinforcements garrison, was de
scribed as "completely blitzed."
