# Career Magazine To Be Distributed
## 
### 
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
Staff members of KZSU will
distribute free copies of the maga
zine "Career Publications" this
week to students graduating in
June.
"Career Publications" lists job
opportunities in all industries, ac
cording to Chris Hauser, KZSU
publicity director.
