# Red Physicists See Stanford Atomic Device
## 
### 
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
Four leading Russian nuclear
scientists were shown Stanford's
electron linear accelerator last
week, the University revealed last
Friday.
The Russians' visit to Stanford
was kept secret under instruc
tions from the Atomic Energy
Commission and the State Depart
ment.
The Russians spent nearly three
hours Friday, on the campus, a
University spokesman said Satur
day.
"They were shown around the
high - energy physics laboratory,
which contains the electron accel
erator," he commented. "All our
work in nuclear physics is un
classified."
V. P. Veksler, noted Russian
physicist and head of the group,
gave a lecture to 40 Farm scien
tists. Included in the group were
two Nobel Prize winning profes
sors—Felix Bloch and Willis E.
Lamb Jr.
Translating the lecture, given
in Russian, was John Turkcvich.
Princeton University nuclear
chemist. Turkcvich is accompany
ing the visitors on their American
tour.
Veksler spoke 50 minutes on
technical matters and described a
10-billion-volt synchrotron nearing
completion in a Moscow suburb.
Other members of the Soviet
group were Doctors M. A. Markov
and V. P. Silin. and V. S. Emelya
now a Russian delegate to the
United Nations.
