# Stanford to Lease Land for Homes
## 
### 
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
Stanford will begin developing
the 875 acres it has set aside for
small-estate homes within 12
months, according to Alf Brandin,
business manager.
The University plans to lease
pieces of the foothills land south
of Sand Hill Road to developers,
who agree to abide by the campus
master-plan restrictions, Brandin
said.
Homes in the foothills area will
run in the $25,000 to $30,000 brack
et.
In accordance with the Univer
sity's trust provisions, the land
will not be sold. It will be leased
for 90 years.
