# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
The exchange of photo
graphs at GRADUA
TION time has rightly
become a universal
custom.
It provides a graceful way
of acknowledging
friendships.
Do not disappoint those who
expect YOJJR portrait.
NEWTON
STUDIO
126 University Ave.
CAP AND GOWN fur
nished at Studio.
