# Stanley Weigel Chosen President of Euphronia
## 
### 
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
Stanley A. Weigel was elected presi
dent of Euphronia Debating Society
at its annual banquet Monday night.
Richard Jenkins was elected vice
president, and Ray Bruce, secretary.
The speakers of the evening were
Professor A. M. Cathcart, pioneer
president of Euphronia, Edward D.
Landels, and Matthew Tobriner.
