# CONTEST PLANNED
## 
### 
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
A horseshoe contest in which the
governor of the state will participate
Is to he a feature of the Annual Home
coniinK Day of the University of
Nevada, October 28.
