# Ruth, Gehrig to Dine On Campus Tonight
## 
### 
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
"Babe" Ruth and Lou Gehrig will be
dinner guests tonight at the Phi Delta
Theta house. The two home-run artists
play in San Jose this afternoon and will
be on the campus at 5 :30 o'clock.
Invitations for the dinner have been
extended to Dr. Swain, acting President
of the University, and a number of the
athletic coaches. Following the dinner
the entire campus is invited to meet
Ruth and Gehrig.
