# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.

Andy Efron/Daily
Go fly a kite
Eager for a successful launch, freshmen Christy Svalstad and Dave Telander per
severe in their kite-flying endeavors. A Wilbur Field landscape and a warm sun
lure many to frolic during spring quarter. Sunny weather is expected to continue
indefinitely.
