# CHILE LIKES CHAPLIN
## 
### 
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Jan. 29. (TP)—
Charlie Chaplin and the Wild West
still give movie-audiences in this
part of the world their greatest
thrills.
