# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
ALCOY, Spain, Jan. 29. (AP) —An
earthquake was felt here at 8:30
o'clock last night. Residents were
greatly frightened but there were
no casualties and little damage.
Light and power wires were dis
rupted.
