# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
LONDON. Jan. 29. (AP)—Premier
Ramsay Mac Donald's Labor govern
ment today appeared assured of
power at least until next April.
