# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
8 ©'Clock
Blues
Those "2-minit" shaves
are mighty rough on a
ruff's skin. A rub of
Lotus Cream Softens
and soothes—it gives
that "velvet skin."
25c the bottle at
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC 1
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AVE.
