# American Women Artists' Work Brought to Campus
## 
### 
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
Oil paintings and small bronze
sculptures by American women artists
will be placed on exhibit in the Art
Gallery on Sunday. There are about
forty pieces in the collection, which
represents all parts of the country.
The collection has been exhibited in
this country and also in Honolulu,
where it attracted favorable comment.
It will remain at Stanford until the
end of the month.
