# LONG BEACH CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
Prominent alumni and students of
Stanford were guests at a dinner given
by the Long Beach Stanford Club Jan
uary 2. The annual election of officers
was also held. Among the guests and
speakers were Robert Myers, Tom
Hill, Robert Sims, Dr. Robert Wilcox,
team manager in 1914; Howard Deems,
retiring president of the Long Beach
Stafford Club, and Dutch McAllister,
Stanford cheer leader last year.
