# SWATHMORE HAS NEW HONOR SYSTEM PLAN
## 
### 
Swathmore College, Swathmore,
Pennsylvania, has adopted a new hon
or system for the purpose of creating
a greater sense of responsibility in
the students.
A prospective honor student, during
his first two years in the college,
takes the regular prescribed college
course, after which if he shows ex
ceptional ability, he is permitted to
| enter in the honor classes, where he is
given freedom of attendance to classes
and exemption from tests or semester
examinations. The student is responsi
ble for working out his own salvation.
arship at. Antioch last year twenty
were smokers. In addition scholarship
of non-smokers was found higher than
those of smokers, and light smokers
held higher scholastic standing than
the more heavier smokers.
