# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Perhaps one of tho most difficult
problems Hint confront students is
social org.mizaiion. In ilie outside
world this is a comparatively simple
matter, but. in a college world stu
dents find thorn-elves brought
together in a different and closer
way and the question aa to who is to
be smiled upon and who is to bi
frowned upon appears to b.< ditlicult
to decide.
A sensible rolution of the problem
would be to trust to time to to
gether thoso whoso taste.sand inter
ests are calculated to tender them
congenial. There are some poople
however, who seem desirous of at
taining the degroo of C. L S., Civil
Engineer of Society, and wLo evi
dently believe themselves qnaliti d to
select from half a thousand students
the two or three dozen who are qual
ified to bo recogni/od as respectable
' society." This would be quite pro
per if the process of solee ion ended
there, but in the exuberance of a
newly acquired importance, some
coneeilod jouth is quite Mire to
the snap away and the newly, organ
ized circle of the elect is apt 10 be
tho laughing stock of the community',
as Ward McAllister and hi s cele
brated edict 1 hit "Cai.vas back
ducks must, never be served with
pie."
