# Economic Seminary
## 
### 
Thursday at 2 p m.â€”Mr A. C.
Trurnbo finished his report on the
Central Traffic Association, discuss
ing the subject under llie following
heads: 1. Popular and Legal Views
of Traflic Pooling. 11. Origin of
Central Trallic Idea. Ill Oganiza
tion. IV. Work of the Associa
tion. V. Prosent llates VI. Sup
plementary liomavlcs on Pooling and
Government Control.
The seminary has in view the con
struction of a map of the United
States showing the territorial jmih

diction of nil the various railroad
associat ions.
l)r. Clark offered a few sugges
tions as <o the method of construct
ing an analytical synopsis ol' a sem
inary report.
Next we; k Mr. Paris will present
the Western Traffic Association and
Mr. .J. 1\ Wright will discuss the
History and Policy of Federal Land
(Jrants to Hailroads in the United
States.
Outsiders are invited
