# Cincinnati Women Encourage Rooting.
## 
### 
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
The women of Cincinnati University
have decided to organize a "Girls'
Rooters' Club." Hereafter, they will
decline all masculine escort to foot
ball games and swimming meets. All
the girls will sit together and in an
organized way cheer their teams to
victory.
