# The 						Wanderer
## 
### 
Eugene Field, one of the greatest of
contemporary poets, who has made his
fame mostly through his poems of
childhood, writes also of the wonders
of Nature. The following poem, which
he so aptly called "'The Wanderer,"
Is a good illustration of his power of
expression:
Upon a mountain height, far from the
sea,
I found a shell,
And to my listening ear the lonely
thing
Ever a song of ocean seemed to sing.
Ever a tale of ocean seemed to tell.
How came the shell upon that moun
tain height?
Ah, who can say
Whether there dropped by some too
careless hand,
Or whether there cast when ocean
swept the land.
Ere the Eternal had ordained the day?
Strange, was it not? Far from its na
tive deep,
One song it sung,—
Sang of the awful mysteries of the
tide,
Sang of the misty sea, profound and
wide, —
Ever with echoes of the ocean rang.
And as the shell upon the mountain
height
Sings of the sea,
So do 1 ever, leagues and leagues
away,—
So do I, ever wandering where I
may,—
Sing, O my home! sing, O my home! of
thee.
