# Vanderbilt Makes Columbia Donation
## 
### 
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
Columbia University hns received a
donation of $113,7i>0 from W. K. Van
derbilt, to .aid in the purchase of fi
half block of property on which Co
lumbia's now medical school will be
erected.
