# Ole Miss. Crisis Topic Of International Panel
## 
### 
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
The present integration situa
tion in Mississippi and it impact
upon world opinion will be the
subject of a panel discussion at
8 p.m. Frjday, Oct. 5 in the
lounge of the International Cen
ter (located in the Old Union
Building.)
Participating in the panel will
be international students Uriah
Chinwah. Nigeria; Adrian du
Plessis, South Africa; Singh Wa
lia. India; and the Reverend
Henry Fortsman, Stanford pro
fessor of Religion.
