# Grapple Note
## 
### 
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
Prospective wrestlers arc asked
to attend a team meeting at 4
p.m. Thursday in the wrestling
room in the Old Pavilion. Notices
distributed earlier around campus
did not indicate the meetine time
