# Frosh Gridders
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
Stanford's freshman football
team plays its annual gam**
against the second varsity to
day. The game will be played
at 4 p.m. on the freshman prac
tice field.
