# TRAVELER
## 
### 
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
Daily sportswriter Bob Payne
will be traveling south with the
Stanford team to cover Satur
day's Stanford-UCLA game. His
report will appear in Monday's
Daily.
