# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The enthusiasm and the co-op
eration shown at the meeting of
Encina men last evening is con
elusive proof that the old Encina
spirit, synonymous with University
spirit, has not yet died out. The
project of an Encina club-room,
made possible through the generos
ity of Mrs. Stanford, has been
taken up with energy by the En
cina men, and the results so far
are encouraging. A committee has
been appointed as a governing
body, and the work of making the
club-room a valuable adjunct to
Encina Hall will go on without
cessation. Success is assured' for
the project, which we regard as one
of the most important steps taken
in recent years to build up Encina
Hall and to revive and perpetuate
the University spirit.
