# Quads Available
## 
### 
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
Copies of the 1958 Quad will
be distributed today, tomorrow
and Wednesday in the Pavilion
between the hours of 0 and \'i
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.
