# AI Shaw Named Baseball's MVP
## 
### 
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
Senior second • baseman Al
Shaw was presented the Stan
ford Most Valuable Baseball
Player Award at a team barbe
cue yesterday. He is the first
man ever to win the honor two
consecutive years, and was giv
en a watch by the 1913 Stanford
team.
.liin Burk was named by his
mates as the most improved
player, and Bob Cole received
the highly-coveted Bush Award.
Itnlph Holding was honored as
the player displaying the best
attitude, and received an award
from the 1930 team.
