# Nash Granted Leave of Absence.
## 
### 
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
Librarian Nash has been granted
leave of absence for a year, and
will leave with bis wife for Los
Angeles tomorrow. Mr. and Mrs.
Nash will possibly spend a short
time in San Diego, and then go to
Phoenix, Arizona, where they will
spend the winter. In the spring
they will go lo Nice, France, where
Mr. Nash expects to devote some of
his time to the study of the meth
ods of Continental libraries. Mr.
Nash, who has had lung trouble for
some years, hopes to improve his
health by this trip to sunny Ari
zona, and both be and Mrs. Nash
are looking forward to a year of
rest and travel. This leave is
merely in anticipation of Mr.
Nash's sabbatical vacation, which
begins with September, 11)02. He
will be gone a year, returning in
January, 1903. His position will
be filled by Associate Librarian
Dodge and his corps of assistants.
