# Sheean to Give ASSU Lecture
## Journalist to Talk On 'Personal Opinion' 
### 
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
Tomorrow evening Stanford will
have the opportunity of hearing an
other of the nation's most distin
guished international newspaper
correspondents. Following John
Gunther's successful appearance on
the campus, Vincent Sheean, author
of "Personal History" and for years
European critic for the Chicago
Daily News, will discuss the recent
trends of Continental events, under
the title, "Personal Opinion."
The well known author-corre
spondent, whose home is in England,
recently returned from the danger
spots in Europe, and has been lec
turing in the East as well as on the
Coast. The program is being spon
sored by the A.S.S.U.
Born in Illinois and educated at.
the University of Chicago, Mr.
Sheean got his first newspaper ex
perience in New York, and in the
early 1920's left for Europe, where
he has since spent most of his time.
He first caught the attention of
the public with his sensational and
exclusive stories of the Riff revolt
against Spain. This was followed by
an extensive tour of the Orient, and
on his return he published these ex
periences in his autobiography pub
lished in 1935.
In 1929 Mr. Sheean witnessed the
outbreak of hostilities in Palestine
between the Jews and Arabs, and
since then has followed the course
of the more contemporary European
struggle between Democracy and
Fascism. He will publish a summary
of the events of the past year under
(he title "Not Peace but a Sword,"
which will come off thp press this
summer.
