# Speakers' Bureau Gets New Head
## 
### 

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)

READY TO ASSUME his oiTicial duties as manager of the Speakers'
Bureau, following approval of his appointment last night by Ex Com
mittee, is Bob Wood, second from right, who looks on as Bram Gorter,
outgoing manager, finishes up some last-minute business. Also shown
arc Lois Whitmore, extreme left, and Pat Layton, Speakers' Bureau
assistants. (Photo by Dudman)
