# TENNIS STAR IMPROVES
## 
### 
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
CAR MEL, April 11 (UP).--Bar
bara Winslow, nationally ranking
women's tennis stiir, was discharged
from Curmel Hospital yesterday well
on the way to recovery from a long
illness.

**SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP)

Thomas James, president of the
corporation reorganizing Pacific
Steamship Company, said today Pa
cific Steamship would liquidate its
holdings and would not resume op
erations "until trade warrants it."
