# Heigh, Ho! Farm Goes To the Fair
## Proceeds Will Aid Scholarship Fund For Transfer Women 
### 
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
Stanford's rural edition of Treas
ure Island opens in the Union Court
at 2 o'clock today. Highlights will
be an auction at 4:30 o'clock, a fash
ion show at 2:15 with repeat per
formance at 3:30, and Roble's 5-
cents-a-dance in the Nitery from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Annabelle Clarke is general
chairman of the Fair, which is be
ing given by Women's Conference to
raise money for the scholarship
which they give annually to a jun
ior transfer woman.
NUMEROUS CONCESSIONS
Miniature golf, fortune telling,
turtle racing, and bowling are typ
ical of the concessions, numbering
about 15, which are being contrib
uted by all living groups. Esther
Berry is chairman of the booths.
Thirty-five Farm co-eds, selected
and trained by fashion experts, will

model clothes from 10 Palo Alto
stores. Jean Halliburton is both
commentator and general chairman,
and her assistants are Pat Johnson,
Lovell Gunther, Jean Chambers,
and Wanda Truax.
AUCTION SCHEDULED
Bob Moyle, auctioneer will sell
more than 50 articles which have
been collected from Paly merchants
by Sally Holt and her subchairman,
Virginia McCloskcy, of the auction
committee. Auction sales will range
from candy to wooden shoes.
Angela Gates has planned enter
tainment featuring Ed Cundiff, Julia
Johnson, and Jane Karpe, accor
dohists; and Sally Hy.de and Marian
Guyselman, who will sing.
COMMITTEES NAMED
In charge of arrangements, Jeanne
Powell is being assisted by Carolyn
Evans, Betty Finch, Ethel Hoover,
Betsy Fricke, and Jane Roth. Kath
leen Norris' cleanup committee in
cludes Maygene Dunbar, Helen
Kimball, Lois Emry, Jane Law
rence, Jean Blackman, and Mary
Etta Farrell.
Chief of Police Pat Flanagan's
squad includes Polly Stong, Amy
Greenwell, Jean Austin, Betty
Moses, Alice Miles, Mildred Tyre,
Louise Goldman, Cecil Cave, Betty
Behrens, Marjorie Gunn, Martha
Benson, Ruthelen List, Helen Her
man, Erma Celventra, Eleanor Booze,
May Lazarus, and Mary Lou Harber.
DECORATIONS
Other committee heads are Vir
ginia Sterry, in charge of decora
tions; Nancy Hurst, in charge of
tickets; and Virginia Valentine,
publicity chairman.
On the ticket committee are Joan
Nelson, Jeanne Welch, Margaret
Eastman, Jean Webb, Roxanne De
laney, Caryl Parker, Carol Rhodes,
Pat Adams, Jean Chambers, Lee
Henkcl, Margaret Schilling, Ruth
Young, Marcia Miller, Isabelle Gore,
Margaret Cast, Luella Birch, Mary
Etta Farrell, Norma Godfrey, B. J.
Montgomery, Helen Ford, Betty
Finch, Fern Reid, and Margaret
Ratcliffc.
