# Vandals Slash Bicycle Tires
## 
### 
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
Thirty-two bicycle tires were
slashed on campus early yester
day morning according to Stan
ford Police Chief Gordon Davis.
Six of the damaged bicycles were
at the Phi Sigma Kappa house,
and 26 were at Lagunita Court.
Chief Davis said that about 2
a.m. yesterday, a student in the
Phi Sig house heard voices out
side his window. He looked out
and saw three girls in a late
model station wagon. He also
heard a man's voice. According
to the student, they appeared in
toxicated.
At the time the student thought
he heard air escaping. He paid
no attention to it until the next
morning, when he found that six
bicycle tires had been slashed.
The student told Chief Davis
that when the station wagon left
the Phi Sig house it headed down
Lane Wand then turned up Cam
pus Drive towards Florence
Moore. Davis said that the tires
appear to have been slashed with
knives, and that the two sets of
slashings were apparently done
by the same persons.
