# Dutch Mail Liner Reported Aground
## 
### 
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
LONDON. Nov. 21 (UP).—Lloyd's
shipping news service reported to
day that the Dutch Mail liner Prin
ses Juliana had run aground in
dense fog off the Belgian coast.
The report, received from Lloyd's
station at Flushing, Netherlands,
said tug boats had gone to the res
cue of the liner, which was near
Wielingensluis, en route from Har
wich, England to Flushing.
