# Gonzaga Field Goal Brings 3-2 Victory
## 
### 
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
MULTNOMAH STADIUM, Port
land, Ore., Nov. 21 (UP).—A field
goal in the final period, booted by
Fullback George Karamatic from the
17-yard line, gave Gonzaga Uni
versity a 3-2 victory over the Uni
versity of Portalnd here today. Pez
ley, Portland guard, grounded a
blocked kick in the end zone to
score for Portland in the second
period.
