# Dr. Duniway Is Peace Group Head
## 
### 
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, former
professor of history at Stanford,
was chosen president of the Palo
Alto Peace Council at its annual
election of officers.
A six-point program for the pro
motion of international peace was
outlined by the Council which has
already been approved by the 28
•national organizations associated
with the National Peace Council.
