# Convalescent Day Program Announced
## Goodan Names Heads Of Women's Groups; Record Smashed in Drive 
### 
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
With the announcement of the
various women's committees for the
Labor Day activities, plans for the
annual get-together at the Con
valescent Home are rapidly getting
under way.
Wednesday afternoon the campus
population will begin a migration
to the grounds of the home. There
will be entertainment, food, and
plenty of work for all, announces
Bob Hoover, chairman of the Labor
Day activities.
The barbecue supper served at the
Convalescent Home will be the only
meal served on the campus that
night. Entertainment and menu will
be announced later.
Committee,s as announced by
Ruth Goodan, co-chairman of the
women's committee, are:
On the committee in charge of
selling candy, cigarettes, and chew
ing gum, Margaret Loud (chairman),
Phyllis Boothe, Constance Becker,
Alberta Carden, Jean Halliburton,
Betty Hellyer, Barbara Henderson,
Jean Hemphill, Dolly Kohnke, Scot
ty Levingood, Barbara Paine, Mar
jorie Pirdy, Ether Pell on, Virginia
Swafford, Kay Wantz, Helen War
son, Jane Wilson, and Sallee Wilson.
In charge of ice cream will be
Dulce Parker (chairman), Janet
Brownell, Isabel Goldthwaite, Mar
tha Jane Knecht, Betty Huntsberger,
Victoria Nebecker, Priscilla Mer
win, Barbara Murphy, Perry Perko,
Jerry Reed, Willma Richardson,
Barbara Weear, and Betty Weber.
The Yard Committee will work
from 2 to 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
on the Labor Day activities. Chair
maned by Mary Lewis, the others
will be Ila Lee Ainsworth, Audrey
Brumfield, Janet Bromwell, Joan
Barlow, Jayne Copp, Merry Carl
ton, Margaret Dennis, Betty Dods
worth, Betty Ann Greenwood.
Betty Glass, Jane Guernsey, Betty
Going, Helen Harper, Helen Hirsch
felder, Annabelle Hopkins, Mary
Lissner, Ruth MacGreevy, Edy Met
calf, Harriet Nash, Jan North, Mar
tha Jane Peairs, Barbara Pickett,
Louise Park, Kay Ray, Jean Rey
nolds, Barbara Ross, Bessie Seward,
Virginia Smith, and Betty Vibert.
Winding up the off-campus Con
valescent Home Drive, Co-chairmen
Art Lundin and Sylvia Case an
nounced last night the record
smashing total of $473.50. The pre
vious x'ecord of $390 was made in
1929.
Contributions made by business
concerns: Roos Brothers, $30; Palo
Alto Auto Dealers Association, $10;
Wilson's Restaurant (in Cardinal
Hotel), $7.50; Roos Brothers employ
ees, $7; The Flower Shop, Andrus
(Bantam) Taxi, Wideman's, Phelps
Terkel, Walsters, Blooms, $5.
University Pharmacy, $2.50;
Zwierlein's Boot Shop, Clothes
Closet, "Louda Furs, Alma Walker,
$2; Fred Smith, Yellow Cab, Sue
Berry, Fred's Barber Shop, $1.
Neilson and Son contributed the
printing to the off-campus commit
tee; W. B. Allan of Palo Alto Hard
ware contributed the use of his of
fice; Hansen's Furniture Store loan
ed furniture for the office, and the
Inter-City Delivery Service loaned
their facilities.
