# RIGHTISTS WIN IN FRANCE
## 
### 
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
PARIS, April 26 (/P). — France's
expected swing to the left failed to
show in early returns in the election
of the Chamber of Deputies today as
the center made an impressive flight
for seats. Battles in many election
districts were so close candidates
failed to obtain necessary majorities.
