# Review Board Adds New Speeches To Growing List
## 
### 
In their last meeting for hearing
speeches this year, the Stanford
Speakers' Review Board added six
more speakers to (heir list of ap
proved speakers.
Speeches approved by the board
include: "The Eighteen-ton Eye" by
Walton Wickett; "I Wish I Could
Remember" by Julian Lesser;
"Stanford Students Can Do It" by
Marco Thorne; "Uncrossed Bounda
ries," an original play by Kather
ine Arthur; "The Pocket Book or
Marriageâ€”Which Shall It Be?" by
Stanley Christensen; "Fact and Fal
lacy Concerning the Black Widow
Spider," Wilson Footer; and "Seven
Thousand Miles from Italy," Enid 1
Olivi.
Approved speakers arc requested
by Schafer to see W. M. Timmons in
Room 203 D as soon as possible to
fill out registration blanks and to
submit a short synopsis of the con
tent of their speeches.
