# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
Science increases our power in
proportion as it lowers our pride.
—Claude Bernard
