# Campus Rent Raises Not Reportedâ€”Yet!
## 
### 
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
No sharp rises in rents on the
campus have been reported to the
Daily. Students are reminded we
stand ready to help in any way
we can to prevent a vicious up
swing in living costs following
the death of OPA. Perhaps pub
lication of details of any evic
tions or abnormal rent increases
will help. If you think so. report
them to the Daily.
