# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
NETTLETON
SHOE CO.
OF NEW YORK
I
INVITES
!
you to see its
SPECIAL DISPLAY
I
OF
ENTIRE FACTORY LINE
of
NETTLETON
and
MiLIER COOK
SHOES
ON
THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY
APRIL 28, 29, 30
Largest and most interesting
array of men's fine shoes
ever shown in
Palo Alto
PALO ALTO
___
