# Benetta Merner Home Following Frenzied Search
## Mysterious Disappearance "Of 1930 A.W.S. Head Not Explained 
### 
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
Resulting in a great deal of pub
licity in the San Francisco papers,
Benetta Delight Merner, prominent
student who graduated from Stan
ford in .1930, disappeared from her
home last Sunday and returned yes
terday after having caused a frantic
state-wide search.
Miss Merner telephoned her father
early yesterday from Merced and
put an end to her family's anxiety.
She was reported to be in a very
nervous state and did not explain
her mystery trip.
As a student here, Miss Merner
majored in history and was a mem
ber of the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
rority. She was president of the
A.W.S. and women's council, as well
as being a Roble sponsor, member
of Cap and Gown, Women's Glee
Club, and vice-president of the jun
ior class. She was junior class rep
resentative to the W.A.A. and per
manent member of the executive
committee of the senior class and
Stanford fellowship committee.
Since her graduation, she has been
taking post-graduate work in Ger
many and has only recently re
turned from the continent. She has
been constantly under the care of
specialists since her return.
