# Name Dohrman President In Pan-Hellenic Confab
## 
### 
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
Installation of officers was held
at the women's Pan-Hellenic meet
ing yesterday afternoon. Emilie
Dohrman, president, Barbara Bal
four, vice-president, and Roberta
Tempest, secretary-treasurer, are
the new officers.
Outgoing officers are Pauline Wil
son, president, Virginia Daugherty,
vice-president, and Lucile Morgan,
secretary -1 reasurer.
