# Greek Cabinet Moves To Abandon Gold Standard
## 
### 
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
ATHENS, Greece, April 25. (£ J ) —
Premier Eleutherios Constantino
Venizelos informed the Legislature
tonight that the Cabinet had de
cided to take Greece o(T the gold
standard. The decision, the Premier
said, was reached after full con
sultation with financial experts and
;.fter drastic economies had been
effected.
