# Stanford Dames To Fete Anniversary Tomorrow
## 
### 
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
Celebrating the eleventh anni- !
versary of their founding, the Stan- j
ford Dames will hold a special |
meeting at the home of Mrs. Hugh
[Jackson on Wednesday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock.
"Founding of the Dames Club on
the Stanford Campus" will be the
subject of Mrs. Ellwood Cubberly's '
talk. Mrs. O. L. Elliot will also
speak on "The Early Days at Stan
ford."
