# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
I.C.
chalk-stripe flannels
being worn by our
sophisticated "roughs"
