# Farm's Press History Told By W.H. Davis
## 
### 
The distinction of being the only
general publishing house west of the
Mississippi river is held by the Stan
ford University Press, according to
Professor William Hawley Davis,
editor of the Press. The Press has
been in existence as a publishing
house for seven years, and its func
tion, as stated by Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, is "to publish any book that
will promote human welfare gen
erally."
As a University printing press,
Stanford's Press is almost as old as
the University. It was first estab
lished as a private enterprise by
J. A. Quelle, and in 1917 was pur
chased by the University. It was
then moved into temporary quarters,
and in 1929 the permanent establish
ment was built. At that time a new
shop building was erected, and the
office and storage rooms extended.
Publishing activity was first start
ed in the autumn of 1925. According
to Professor Davis, the most notable
title of the first catalogue was
"Genetic Studies of Genius," the
first of a series of volumes issued
under the editorship of Lewis M.
Terman. "Stanford Books in World
Politics," a series reflecting Stan
ford's traditional interest in inter
national affairs and world peace,
edited by Graham H. Stuart, has
been another well-known accom
plishment of the Press. They have
also published many works on the
West, particularly the national
parks.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 7 </P>â€”Six
teen new medicine balls have been
ordered by President Hoover for in
dividual mementos of the many
mornings his "medicine ball cabinet"
has met on the White House lawn
for exercise. Each ball will be auto
graphed by all members of the
"cabinet," and the President.
