# Gunther Detert Exhibits Worthless German Money
## 
### 
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
Gunther Detert showed billions of
worthless German money, both coins
and*paper currency, at the meeting
of Der Deutsche Verein at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. At the same
time Detert gave an explanatory
talk about the different pieces he
passed around. Phonograph records
of German music furnished the mu
sic for the afternoon.
