# MURALS
## 
### 
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
As intramural basketball com
petition enters into the final two
weeks of scheduled play, im
portant contests will decide lea
gue championships.
Sigma Chis (4-0) face the Zetes
(3-1) Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in
the Pavilion to decide the win
ner of league 1. A loss by the
Sigs could put the two teams
into a three-way tie for fiivst
place with the KAs.
In the freshman league, an un
defeated Arroyo team faces Ma
dera on Wednesday at 5 p.m.
in Encina Gym. Two undefeated
teams, Branner and Serra meet
each other Thursday night at
9:30 in Encina to decide the
championship of league 6.
The championship tournament
starts Feb. 26. Two teams plus
ties from each league will make
the playoffs.
