# PHILIPPINE RELATIONS
## 
### 
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
MANILA, Nov. 20 (UI 1 ). ■ Presi
dent Manuel Roxas said in an inter
view today that he believed Filipi
no-American relations were im
proving and that United States mil
itary bases in the Philippines wen
necessary for the mutual protectior
of both nations.
