# STRIKE AFFECTS RAILROADS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UP).—Five
railroads announced today they will
take a total of 49 passenger trains
out of service by midnight Sunday
to effect a coal-saving cut ordered
by the Office of Defense Transpor
tation.
