# Adv. 45 Page 9
## 
### 
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
[ushers^jj^
NEEDED IlBMg
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. & SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3,
DEADLINE TODAY
