# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
NEED PART TIME j
SUMMER JOB?
Pat Boone has endorsed
"OPERATION
CONSERVATION"
Aggressive peoole over 18 are
needed in door-to-door
campaign to stop energy waste.
NO SELLING!
Start at $3.00 hr.
If suited, will be raised to
$5.00 hr..
Call Kim at "Operation
Conservation" now - 969-4071
968 6129.
Sight Point Institute
is a summer community of
scholars for outstanding
students interested in lit
erature. psychology, and
philosophy. The instructional
system, like that at Oxford, is
based on intensive tutorials
Excellent recreational oppor
tunities are provided by a
rural setting on the coast of
Nova Scotia For information,
write to Sight Point Institute,
361 60th StrMt, Oakland, CA
94616
