# Adv. 43 Page 8
## 
### 
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
tred2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trec|2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
326 3214
