# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
✓*»
I Two of America's ||
two great bores
I is the guy
who borrows
II your Phoenix
|j stretch so*,
|| knowing that they
fit all size
feet perfectly.
Only a buck!
I y !
