# San Jose State Soccer Opponent Here Saturday
## 
### 
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
The Stanford soccer team
should get back in winning form
when it: resumes its conference
schedule against San Jose State
Satuday morning at 10 on the
varsity field here. Coach Fred
Priddle expects a stiff game but
thinks the Cards will pick up
their second league win of the
season.
SJS features a strong defense
dominated by All - Conference
back Tony Citrelli who played a
large part in holding the strong
University of San Francisco team
to two goals in a losing Spartan
effort last week.
Citrelli should provide an ex
citing challenge to the Stanford
forward line which will start
Eduardo Mall and Ned A vary, the
team's leading scorer, at wings,
co - captain Bill Wren and Ben
Pentsil at the insides and Jack
Winkler at center forward.
