# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Karen Neubert, '57,
to Don Shoup, '57.
