# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
The staff of the Daily Palo Alto
believe that they can do more for
their University by working at
home for the amendment than by
remaining in college and issuing
the regular number of the paper.
Therefore they wish to announce
that the Daily Palo Alto will not
appear on Monday and Tuesday,
November sth and 6th.
