# Prize Winner
## 
### 

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.

Glenn Hamilton, key man of the
Stanford drive for three quarters
against Washington State in Pull
man Saturday, receives the Keeble
award as outstanding Stanford
player this week. Hamilton did the
kicking and passing, and some of
the running until he left the game
with a wrenched knee.
