# Library to Exhibit "Beat" Literature
## 
### 
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
Students here will have the op
portunity to judge the beat gen
eration by some of its deeds more
serious than midnight bongo
beating.
Examples of beatnik literature
are on display at the Main Li
brary in the downstairs lobby
until Oct. 12.
The exhibit was arranged by
Lawrence Lipton, author of "The
Holy Barbarians." Lipton is a
beatnik fighting a losing battle
against affluency.
