# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.

Gaiety filled the air as Stanford yell leaders Clark Sterl
ing and Mike Thurman added their antics to the halftime
show at last Saturday's game. The yell leaders contri-

buted to the band's tribute to Anita Bryant and the Cay
Liberation.
