# MO BASKETBALL CONTESTS.
## Abandon Idea of Varsity Matches. To Enter Team in P.A.A. Tournament. 
### 
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
As it is considered too late in the
season to develop a varsity basket -
Lull team, it has been decided not to
make arrangements for any intercol
legiate contests between the two uni
versities this year. However, a team
to represent Stanford will be entered
in the tournament to be held in San
Francisco, under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
At the meeting held last evening in
Encina Gymnasium, ther was a good
attendance, but many of the old play
ers failed to turn out. Among those
who signed up for practice were: For
wards, \V. H. Masters, '09, G. W. Jor
dan, '12, R. E. Millsap, '12, J. J.
Hayes, '12, W. H. Newman, '12; cen
ters, E. W. Sawyer, '08, G. A. Macrea
dy, '12; guards, G. B. Bush, '09, J.
C. Robbins, '10, A. C. Goonradt, '09.
W. F. Geary, '12, P. Y. Dickinson, '12,
W. B. Cohen, '12.
