# WILL REOPEN MUSEUM
## TRUSTEES TAKE ACTION ON REPAIRS AT RECENT MEETING. Will Be Opened to Visitors a Few Days Each Week.â€” Wings Not to Be Rebuilt at Present. 
### 
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
The Museum, which has been closed
since the eve of the earthquake of
1906, will be reopened. This was de
cided at a recent meeting of the Board
of Trustees held in San Francisco. It
is the wish of the board that the build
ing be repaired as soon as possible
and to that end all necessary work
of adjustment is being rushed.
The wings, which were practically
destroyed by the quake, will not be
rebuilt at present. However, as most
of the specimens are stored within the
main building, the loss of this space
will not be felt..
The building will be opened to vis
itors a lew days each week, but no
date has been decided upon for the
first opening.
This Museum has long been a chief
point of interest for tourists and vis
itors to the campus, and the reopen
ing will undoubtedly be the cause of
bringing many more travelers to the
University. It is also of great inter
est to the undergraduates, owing to
the fact that the members of the 1909
class are practically the only members
of the student body who have had a
chance to view the interior of the
building.
