# Will Preach on Sunday.
## 
### 
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
Dr. D. F. Fox, of the First Congre
gational Church of Pasadena, has been
secured to preach at the customary
service in the University Chapel, Sun
day morning at. 11 o'clock. He is one
of the leading preachers of his de
nomination in the south and is an
eloquent speaker.
