# First Soccer Game Tomorrow.
## 
### 
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
According to the season schedule of
the California Soccer League, Stan
ford plays her opening game with the
San Francisco Club, October 12. The
game will be called at 2:30 on the
Ocean Shore grounds. Captain S. F.
Pellas, '13, has named the following
team: Forwards, Newman, Hender
terries: Maple and Peck; McLaughlin
son, Vail, Glass, Steinhart; halves,
Price, Wyant, Hilton; fulls, Higgins,
Morgan; goal, Rutcher. The soccer
men are requested to take the 11:34
train.
