# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
—A. A. Hampson, ex-'O4, former
editor of the Daily Palo Alto, has
returned to the campus and will
register in the Law department.
