# Correction
## 
### 
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
In a Nov. 14 Daily article about
the recruitment of a white South
African athlete, David Romo was
expressing his own opinion, not the
position of SOSA.
