# Cosmopolitan Club Meets Tomorrow For First Time
## 
### 
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
Stanford's Cosmopolitan Club opens
its activities for the quarter with a
luncheon to be held tomorrow at 12:15
o'clock. All members, and new stu
dents interested in joining the club,
are asked to meet in the lobby of the
Union dining room at that time. Dur
ing the luncheon plans will be an
nounced for a picnic which will be
held at La Honda on Saturday. Those
who are unable to attend the meeting
tomorrow may give their reservations
to Victoria Seigflriod at Palo Alto
1958.
