# EDUCATORS ORGANIZE FOR SUMMER SESSION AT BANQUET IN UNION
## 
### 
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
More than one hundred educators
Attended the Education Men's Lunch
eon Friday noon in the main dining
room of the Union. H. D. Anderson,
president of the local chapter of Phi
Delta Kappa, presided at the lunch
eon. Professor Ellwood P. Cubberley
brought greetings to the educational
men, and Professor William Carr ad
dressed the Group on "The N.E.A.
Office at Washington, D.C."
These luncheon meetings, which are
open to all men interested in educa
tional work, will be held every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock in the Union din
ing-room. John R. Nichols, Reginald
Bell, and Charles W. Bursch were ap
pointed a committee of three to ar
range programs and secure outside
speakers for the summer meetings.

Fresh limeades at Wilson's are full
fruit and flavor. —Adv.
