# "THE CITY OF WOMEN" TO BE PRESENTED BY STUDENTS OF SPANISH
## 
### 
"Pueblo de las Mujeras," by the
Brothers Quinteras, will be the first
Spanish play of the summer quarter,
announced Senorita Elisa P6rez yes
terday. This two-act play, which will
be given about July 22, is a light
drama full of humor mixed with senti
ment and is typically Spanish.
The cast of fourteen characters, to
be chosen from the members of the
Spanish Table and the elementary
composition and conversation classes,
and the definite time and place of
presentation, will be announced later.
Senorita P6rez feels that by partici
pation in this play and the various
other activities of the Spanish Table,
the students will improve their ac
cent as well as become familiar with
the idioms and accent of the language
of the Spanish people.
