# CHOIR REHEARSAL OMITTED
## 
### 
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
Because of the fact that Thursday,
July 4, is a University holiday, the
rehearsal of the University choir will
not be held at the regular time. Mem
bers of the choir are asked to report
for practice at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning, July 7, before the church
service.

The marriage of Dorothy Kerley to
Luther Opelt will take place Saturday
in Los Angeles. Miss Kerley is a mem
ber of the class of 1928, and of the
Pi Beta Phi sorority.

Icy Orange—that cooling Summer
Special—at Wilson's. It's the finest
10c drink. —Adv.
