# Hot stuff at Maples Pavilion
## Women gymnasts host Chili's Invite 
### Ben Hur Contributing writer 
Chili's couldn't ask for any
thing hotter.
The 17th-ranked Stanford
women's gymnastics team hosts
No. 18 Brigham Young Univer
sity, No. 15 Washington and
Illinois at Chili's "Red Hot"
Invitational today at Maples
Pavilion. The home finale fea
tures three teams that have
recently played musical chairs
in the rankings.
"These are the guys who are
going to be qualifying for
nationals," said Stanford head
coach Breck Greenwood. "If we

can separate ourselves from
them, it will look good for the
NCAAs."
Stanford has sizzled as of
late, compiling a 191.05 average
over the last five meets. Break
ing several school records along
the way, the team has set new
marks on the vault and beam;
freshman Keri Monahan also
earned the highest individual
vault score ever for a Stanford
woman gymnast.
The Cardinal will be looking
to avenge last week's four
tenths-of-a-point loss to BYU.
In that meet, the Cougars
recorded their highest team
