# Track Team Set For Saturday's Big Meet
## 
### 

Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark


Discus thrower Peter
Dreissigacker (left) and long
jumper Tom Anderson (right)
will be two of the key
performers Sa turda y wh en
Stanford and California
square off at Stanford
Stadium in 79th annual Big
Meet.
Dreissigacker won the
discus event two weeks ago
against (JSC with a 164-10
toss. Teammates Jim Howard
and Jim Royer completed a
Stanford sweep in that event
with 160-8 and 157-0 throws
respectively.
Anderson finished second
behind Olympic Gold
Medalist Randy Williams in
the long jump against USC
with a jump of 24 ¥4.
Anderson has an impressive
lifetime best in the event of
25-2%.
Saturday's Big Meet will
begin at Stanford Stadium at
1:15 p.m. The Cards have
won the meet 40 times, Cal
has 36 victories, and there
have been two ties.
—Daily photos i>y Doug Clark

