# Untitled Article
## 
### 
VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


VOLLEYBALL VICTORY
Senior Lindsay Kagawa and the No. 20 Cardinal
defeated No. 14 Santa Clara in Stanford's final
regular season game last night at Maples Pavilion.
SPORTS/8

VIRTUAL INNOVATION
Haptic technology at the Stanford Robotic Manipuation
Group's lab, headed by Prof. Oussama Khatib, allows
people to dynamically interact with virtual worlds.
INNOVATION/11


