# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
A garbage survey of 247 cities
showed that about 20 per cent of the
food purchased by householders was
wasted.
