# ASS Leaders Meet Thursday
## 
### 
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
The business aspects of the Uni
versity and of student government
will be discussed at a meeting of the
Leadership Institute Thursday in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house at 7:30 p.m.
Second in a series of four meet
ing designed to bring together pres
ent and incoming student officers,
the sessions will consist of three
speeches followed by question and
discussion periods. While student
officers are especially urged to at
tend, anyone is welcome to partici
pate.
Describing the business side of the
University, Frank Walker, financial
vice-president, will point out how
the Corporation Yard and other such
facilities may be utilized by student
ofticers in carrying out their projects.
The Students' Organizations Fund
will be explained by J. P. Mitchell,
treasurer of the fund, through which
student groups handle their finances.
