# Deadline for Quad Appointments Today
## 
### 
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
Nan McLaren announced lhal
today is the deadline for making
Quad senior picture appointments.
Seniors coming into the Quad of
fice anytime this afternoon with
$1.50 can be assured of having
their pictures in the 1944 Quad.
Pictures will be taken for several
more days. Those classed as sen
iors are those graduating anytime
between now and next September.
