# Women's Athletics To Be Discussed
## 
### 
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
Dickie Shainwald will represent
Stanford.at a WAA meeting at San
Francisco State College Thursday at
4:30 p.m., according to Shirley
Smith, publicity manager for Stan
ford WAA.
The main purpose of the meeting
will be to discuss problems in wom
en's inter-school athletic competi
tion.
