# Sponsor Applicants Interviewed Today
## 
### 
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
All women interested in being
sponsors fall quarter but who did
not turn in application blanks
should do so at once. Interviews
will Ik; held today from 3 to 5
p.m. on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse, Marge Dwy
cr, chairman of Sponsor Choosing
Committee, said yesterday. Any
girl who cannot come at this time
should contact Miss Dwycr.
All girls who will have junior
standing next fall and a "C" av
erage are eligible to he sponsors.
Girls who will he seniors next
year arc especially needed, Miss
Dwycr said.
"The position of sponsor is very
important," she declared, "be
cause she has a very important
part in the training of freshman
women. Girls interested in this
type of work should try out to
day."
