# Flyers to See Navy Picture
## 
### 
Stanford Flying Club members,
victorious in their plane meet over
the California Flying Club Sunday,
will meet tomorrow evening in the
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 to sec
a navy movie on Ground Control
Approach, according to Walter Lull,
club president.
The film, presented by a MofTctt
Field naval officer, illustrates the
recent development of radar control
in landing planes in foul weather.
Radar determines the height, speed,
and location of a radio-equipped
plane as it comcs in for blind land
ings.
About all the pilot must know in
making a GCA landing is experience
in instrument flying. GCA has been
termed by military and civil air of
ficials as the safest blind approach
landing method devised to date.
Following the movie, questions on
GCA will be asked. Discussions of
future club flight activity arc also
on the agenda, Lull said.
By wiuning the unofficial Stan
ford-California plane meet Sunday,
Stanford flyers gained ownership of
a replica of the Big Game Axe. Score
and meet results will he inscribed
on the Stanford side of the trophy.
Stanford pilots or flying enthusi
asts are welcome to attend the movie
in the lower lounge of I lie Club
house.
