# Show Rehearsal Set for Tonight
## 
### 
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Full cast rehearsal for ;ill speak
ing parts in the Spring Show will be
held tonight at 7:15 in the Ram's
Head room, according to Harry Mu
heim, playwright. Chorus, board of
rectors, and promoters need not at
tend.
"It's a Deal!" is a satire on big
business, Muhcim said. The main
character starts out at the bottom
of the economic group, but after be
ing trapped in a rocket ship and
spending two years on the moon, he
returns to earth to enter the refrig
erator business on a large scale.
The show will run May 15, lti, and
17 at the Memorial Auditorium.
Curtain time is set for 8:15 p.m., said
George Eckstein, public ity manager,
and tickets at $1.15, 85 cents, and
55 cents will be sold at the Engi
neering corner Monday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
