# New Encina Sponsors May Apply at ASSU
## 
### 
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
Men wishing to apply for the
position of Enema sponsors dur
ing 1947-4S may sign up in the
ASSU office today and tomorrow,
Mickey Titus, Exeom member,
announced last night.
Applicants must be upper di
vision students and have a plus
grade average. Sponsors rcccive
their rooms free.
Times for interviews of those
men signing up will he announced
during the next two weeks, Titus
said. Sponsors arc chosen hv a
hoard of three members of Ex
eom.
