# Branner, Toyon Add To Relief Collections
## 
### 
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
Branner Hall has collected $65 for
the current campus relief drive.
Working in conjunction with Toyon
Hall, the two living groups will con
duct a drive for collecting and pack
ing old clothes for overseas ship
ment.
