# Correction
## 
### 
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
A story in Monday's Daily on
electronic bulletin boards incor-.
rectly attributed quotes from
computer files to Computer Sci
ence Prof. John McCarthy. They
were actually written by graduate
students Joseph Jacobs and Liam
Peyton.
