# Adv. 22 Page 9
## 
### 
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
AUTOS
1986 Honda Helix, low miles
runs like new, always garaged
front plastic damaged
call 926-9855 evenings $500/B0
96 VW Golf GTIVR6 sspd 150K hwy
New Tires $4700 Call 813-9155
CHILDCARE
PA family seeks nanny with car
for two great boys, ages 4 & 9
weekdays after school. French
speaker preferred. 799-1075
Write for
The Daily.
