# Weather
## 
### 
CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


CROWN PRINCES
Men s tennis garners its 14th
Pac-10 title after defeating
the Bruins and the Trojans.
SPORTS/6

EASTER IN IRAQ
U.S. troops in Iraq take a
break to celebrate the
resurrection of Jesus Christ.
WORLD & NATION/3

Today: Showers
High 62
Low 40
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers


