# CAMPUS OPINION
## More Effective Action 
### 
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
To the Editor:
In regard to Excom's decision to dispose "of the
embarrassing problem posed by last Friday's SC
rally:" If I remember correctly, other campus or
ganizations have been thrown off campus for similar
uses of bad taste. I don't propose that Rally Com be
thrown off campus, their skit wasn't that deplorable,
but there is no reason why they shouldn't go before
Men's Council and receive some kind of disciplinary
action, if only hours in the Con Home. This action
would be much more effective than the "mild and
constructive rebuke" which is all that they received.
—NANCY STONE
