# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.

GERMAN DEFENSES — This map was received in U.S. from neutral
sources. It is supposedly a plan of German coastal defenses in the
French Channel area and consequently the type of defense preparation
huckcd by the Allies when they began invasion. In the foreground are
minefields in the Channel, backed by heavily armed coastal patrols.
lii rear are huge coastal guns and concrete-and-steel defense posts.
