# REMEMBER
## 
### 
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
A five-cent contribution to the
Stanford Relief Drive is the price
of today's Daily.
