# Off-Campus Men, klahoya Plan Float
## 
### 
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
OfT-campus and Village men arc
urged to attend Klahoya's luncheon
tomorrow to help plan a Big Game
float. The entry will be joint Kla
hoya, Village, and off-campus men.
As there is no organization for off
campus men, this will be one of the
few opportunities for the two groups
to meet and work together, accord
ing to Klahoya President Lois
Croonquist.
The luncheon will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse at 12 noon.
