# NROTC Test Deadline Here
## 
### 
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
Application blanks for the Navy
College Aptitude Test should be in
the mail not later than tonight. Stu
dents who wish to take the test must
fill out application blanks and send
them to the Naval Examining Sec
tion, Educational Testing Service,
P.O. Box 709, Princeton, N.J.
Applications received later than
midnight Saturday will not be con
sidered. The examination will be
given at 8:45 a.m., December 3, at
the Palo Alto High School.
Candidates who successfully pass
the examination and the subsequent
physical and mental screening will
be appointed midshipmen, USNR,
and given a Navy-subsidized four
year education at the college of their
choice.
Details of the program and appli
cation blanks are available in the
NROTC offices, Room 50, SAC
Building.
