# LIONS GET HART
## 
### 
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
DETROIT, Nov. 7 (/l v ) —'The De
troit Lions obtained National Foot
ball League draft rights today on
Leon Hart, brilliant Notre Dame
end.
