# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
Believe it or not, you
could help fill this
space with your own
thoughts, words and
ideas.
How? It's rather
simple. Type up your
viewpoint or letter
double-spaced, in
clude your name, class
or affiliation, major or
department and phone
number and bring it by,
or send it to the Daily
offices in the Storke
Publications Building,
across from Terman.
Once there just place it
in the opinions editors'
mailbox.
We can't offer you
pay, but we can offer
you space in the most
widely-read publica
tion on campus. How
can you pass that offer
up?
But hurry, the quar
ter's almost over and
there aren't many
Dailies left.
