# Georgia Sit-in Demonstrators Arrested, Jailed
## 
### 
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
(UPD— Police arrested 29 ad
ditional negro sit-in demonstra
tors in Atlanta yesterday and
sign -carrying integrationists !
marched through the streets of'
downtown Rock Hill, S.C., for the
second consecutive day.
Thirty-seven other Negroes ar- 1
rested during demonstrations in
Atlanta earlier this week were
bound over to criminal court un
der the state's new anti-trespass

law, and their leader, Lonnie
King, was sentenced to spend fivo
hours in jail for contempt of
court. Ho and his companions
' first took seats on the side re
' served for Negroes, but later
moved over to the white side.
Rock Hill's last two open segre
-1 gated lunch counters were closed
before yesterday's demonstra
tions began. Two variety store
lunch counters closed two weeks
earlier.
