# Frosh Snorts
## 
### 
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
A brand new sports feature, ex
clusive coverage of important
Stanford Ires h m a n athletic
events, was announced yesterday
by KZSU Sports Director Mike
Ledgerwood. First on the sched
ule will tie the live and direct
broadcast of tonight's frosh bas
ketball game, beginning at 5:5!5
p.m.
