# Farm to Host Chileans Today
## 
### 
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
Stanford will host today a top
level team of Chilean educators
and industrialists, visiting the
United States to study ways of
building a closer relationship be
tween universities and industry.
The 15-man team of university
rectors, faculty deans, officials
of the Chilean Development Cor
p oration and industrialists is
touring this country under the
auspices of the International Co
operation Administration.
President Wallace Sterling and
Business School Dean Ernest C.
Arbuckle will welcome the visi
tors at 10 a.m. in Bowman Alumi
House prior to a round-table dis
cussion with business school fac
ulty members.
After lunch at the University
Club, the group will tour Stan
ford Industrial Park and meet
with Stanford Research Institute
officials at 3 p.m.
