# One-Acts Open Next Weekend
## 
### 
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
Original plays by throe Stan
ford students will open the "Win
ter One-Acts" next, weekend.
Produced by Ram's Head, the
three plays are scheduled for
Feb. 17, 18, 24 and 25.
"White Mountain Laurel," writ
ten by Jim Lyon, is a poignant
folk tale set in the Blue Ridge
Mountains during the Civil War.
The second one-act, "When in
Rome," by David Kirk, satirizes
society and romance.
"The Leash," Pauline Peotter's
entry, is a "sympathetic exami
nation of a young man's prob
lems and their affect on those
who love him."
Curtain goes up at 8:30 p.m. in
the Little Theater, Memorial Au
ditorium. Tickets are available
at the Box Office, DA 3-0665, for
$1.50.
