# Crew Trip Abandoned
## 
### 
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
Contrary to the hopes of Stanford
students, the Cardinal crew will not
he seen on the Hudson this year. The
crew that could now he sent would
not he the one which "came hack" in
the California race, as Captain Orme
withdrew from the eight following the
regatta. For two weeks the men were
practicing on Redwood Ray. with a
substitute in Orme's place, when it
was learned that scholarship would
detain another of the limited number
of veterans.
