# Adv. 27 Page 9
## 
### 
WANTED
Commuter needs parking space
near Palo Alto or Cal. Ave.
Caltrain stations. Contact
kbruna@air.ora or 530-757-7742
to discuss monthly/yearly rate.
Don't be so quiet! Are you
looking fora place to
publish articles on politics,
nonviolence theory, and human
rights? Fellowship Magazine, the
oldest peace and interfaith
journal in the USA, is looking
for persuasive articles,
personal essays, spiritual
journeys, and artwork. We
welcome submissions that
advocate peace and nonviolence
as a means of social change.
This is a great way to get
published. Send in submissions
today to Fellowship Magazine,
Box 271, Nyack, NY, 10960 or
Submit a classified
ad online!
www.stanforddafly.com
