# EAGER ALUMNI AWAIT "BIG GAME" OUTCOME
## 
### 
Letters received daily by Mr. J. E.
McDowell, the alunini secretary, indi
cate that Stanford alumni are awaiting
with enthusiasm returns from the Stan
ford-California game. Word comes from
various parts of the United States of
proposed meetings for the night of No
vember 19.
W. T. Martin, '20, secretary of the
Stanford Club at Phoenix, Arizona,
writes that Stanford alumni in that city
are giving a dinner on the night of the
game at which University of California
alumni will be guests.
A Stanford Club has been reently or
ganized in Portland, Oregon, with Carl
F. Ganong, '11. president, and Arthur
A. Goldsmith, '16, secretary. The Port
land alumni are also planning a Stan
ford dinner November 19.
Thus far, VV. F. Davis, '03, holds the
record for distance, coming from Coates
ville, Pennsylvania, to see the game.
"Have been looking forward for nine
teen years to have the opportunity of
getting back," writes Davis in his ;ip
plication for tickets in the new sta
dium."
