# Stanford Will be in Excellent Condition
## Trainer Reynolds Says Varsity Ready for Hard Battle With Santa Clara 
### Trainer "Doc" Reynolds 
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
This varsity deserves to win. They
have had to fight against greater odds
than any Stanford varsity of recent
years. With the exception of Danny
Carroll, who is still nursing a badly
dislocated clavicle, the men are in
condition. We have planned to have
them at the top of their form next
Saturday, and I am satisfied that they

will be going at their top form on
that day. We are not underestimating
the strength of the Santa Clara team.
We have realized all season that Aus
tin has built up one of the best rugby
teams that has ever played on this
coast. We feel that we have a good
fighting chance and that is all any
Stanford team has ever asked.


Trainer "Doc" Reynolds.
