# LAWYER ALUM DIES
## 
### 
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
Percy Douglas Faweett, Palo Alto,
died last week in the Palo Alto Hos
pital at the age of 66 following a
long illness. Faweett graduated from
Stanford in 1912 and practiced law
in Hollywood until five years ago.
