# EDUCATORS ATTEND MEETING
## 
### 
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
Seven faculty members from the
School of Education attended a con
ference of the Association for Su
pervision and Curriculum Develop
ment in Los Angeles during dead
week.
The ASCD is a department of the
National Education Association.
Dean I. James Quillen was hon
ored at a dinner for Stanford alum
ni attending the conference. Others
from Stanford were Professors Hen
ry B. McDaniel, Dan T. Dawson,
James B. MacConnell, Fannie R.
Shaftel, Lawrence G. Thomas, and
William J. Iverson.
