# PROFESSORS IN MANILA
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
Two Stanford professors, Paul R.
Haruiu of the School of Education
and Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Graduate School of Business, are
now in the Philippines to review
progress of the assistance project
being carried on at the University
of the Philippines under a contract
between the university and Stan
ford.
