# ASCE Films
## 
### 
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will show two films at 10
a.in. today in Room 300. The films,
"The Colorado River" and"The j
Miehtv Columbia" cover some of the i
hydraulic engineering projects on
two of the West's most important
rivers.
