# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
Jordan House announces the en
gagement of Jean Reed, '55, to Marv
Harmon.
