# Road Patching Crew in Action
## 
### 

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.

FOR SMOOTHER RIDES -The job of keeping Stanford roads free from bumps, ruts, and the like
falls to the University's two man Road Patching Crew. Manning the crew are John Johnson
(above, left) and Harry St. John (right), who are shown smoothing out a bump on Panama Street
near the Cellar. Every road on campus is under the scrutiny of these two, who are constantly
on the lookout for any road hazards to smooth riding. — Daily photo by Frank Huntress.
