# World & Nation
## Hear about the mouse? 
### 

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.

Reuters
BBC TV reporter Vivienne Parry examines a special breed of
mouse which has had a lab-grown human ear grafted onto its
back. The success of such "tissue engineering" was the subject
of "Tomorrow's World," a BBC TV program aired Tuesday.
