# BASEBALL
## Florida State stands in the way of Omaha 
### JOSEPH BEYDA DESK EDITOR 
The No. 13 Stanford baseball
team may have swept its regional
last weekend, but it still has a
cross-country trip up next.
That's a story that's all too fa
miliar to the Cardinal (41-16,18-
12 Pac-12), which was eliminated
at No. 7 North Carolina a season
ago after dominated the Fuller
ton regional. The Tar Heels shut

down Stanford's bats in the open
er before barely escaping a Cardi
nal comeback the following after
noon, which featured a three
hour-and-32-minute rain delay
right in the middle of a four-run
Stanford rally that fell just short.

Now the Cardinal must travel
to the Southeast once again, this
time to face No. 3 Florida State,
another experienced national
seed that will benefit from play
ing on its home turf against a jet

lagged Stanford squad. This time,
at least, all three games will be
played at night, a welcome depar
ture from the sweaty afternoon
opener that seemed to catch the
Cardinal off guard in Chapel Hill
last year.

"I just think we kind of got
overwhelmed going down there,"
said junior centerfielder Jake
Stewart, who was drafted by the
Detroit Tigers in the ninth round
of this week's MLB Draft. "It was

100 degrees with 100 percent hu
midity, and I think all those fac
tors got to us."

Stanford is also much more ex
perienced than last year's group,
which often started seven under
classmen in the field.

"I think in some ways we were
almost happy to be there," said
Stanford head coach Mark Mar
quess. "The expectation level last
