# Sophomore Jolly-Up Is Planned for November 16
## 
### 
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
A jolly-up has been planned by the
sophomore class 'for the night of No
vember 16, to be given in the Kncina
gymnasium. A campus orchestra under
the leadership of "Swede" Larson will
provide the music for the dances. Spe
cial prizes will be awarded during the
course of the evening.
The price of admission is 50 cents.
The war tax will be paid by the class.
