# Untitled Article
## 
### 
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
\ny woman student who lia* not re
ceived a questionnaire can do so by
calling on Mrs. Mcfiee, V. W. C.. A
secretary. She will be in her office in
the clubhouse soon after the noon hour.
