# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machine brushed
out and oiled—sl.oo
Portables *old as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
