# 18 DRIVERS TO START
## 
### 
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 24
(U.R).—Eighteen drivers held tenta
tive positions today in the starting
lineup of the Indianapolis Speedway
race May 31.
