# GARNER'S PICTURE PAINTED FOR POSTERITY
## 
### 

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker John N. Garner Is shown posing for the portrait which is to be hung in the house of repre
sentatives as a permanent record of his speakership, alongside portraits of his predecessors. Boris Gordon
of Los Angeles is the artist. (Associated Press Photo)
