# A.S.C.E. GUESTS
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
Members of the Stanford student j
chapter of the American Society of j
Civil Engineers were guests of the
San Francisco section Tuesday night j
at a banquet «ind meeting in San i
Francisco. Motion pictures of the j
Hoover Dam were shown and were j
followed by a discussion of techno- ,
cracy. Walter Little headed the
Stanford delegation.
