# Copyright Suits Filed In Legal 'Music War'
## 
### 
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 31 (UP).—
Montana's legal "music war" waxes
warm today as seven copyright ac
tions were placed on file here
against a Montana broadcaster and
three criminal actions were begun
at Missoula.
