# FARM BIOLOGISTS HARD AT WORK
## 
### 

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.

"THE FRESHMEN'S FRIEND," Professor Willis Johnson performs the
difficult experiment of pouring water from one glass into another.
Below, N. H. Horowitz and E. A. Reed peer into a microscope at a
worm.
