# Blanding to Read From Last Work
## 
### 
Heading selections from his latest
book of poems, "Drifter's Gold,"
published this month, Don Blanding,
Carmel writer, will speak informally
tomorrow afternoon from 3 to 5
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Everyone on the campus is invited.
Mr. Blanding will autograph copies
of any of his books for those who
wish. He will also comment on some
of his other works, including "Vaga
bond's House," "Hula Moons,"
"Stowaways in Paradise," and
"Songs of the Seven Seas."
Vernon Hawaiian designs in chi
naware, done by the poet, will also
be exhibited in the alumni room of
the Clubhouse. Tea will be served.
Mrs. Helen Stirling of the Stanford
Bookstore is in charge of arrange
ments.
