# VILLAGE CAB SERVICE
## 
### 
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
Independent taxi service from the
Stanford Village was started re
cently with the issuing of a license
to operate a cab to Ora Melvin Jen
dall, Jr., Farm student living in the
Village. The new taxi stand will be
at the Village gas station.
