# Tryouts Continue For Radio Play
## 
### 
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
Tryouts lor the remaining pro
ductions of the Radio Drama group
will be held Monday at 4 o'clock in
Room 210, English Corner. Record
ings will be made of those who are
chosen, announced Ed Kerr, man
ager.
Definite time for the production of
the next play or the vehicle have
not yet been chosen. All those who
attended the last tryouts are asked
to come again.
