# CHIMES WILL RING
## 
### 
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
January 16, 1905.
At the wish of Mrs. Stanford, the
Chapel chimes will be rung for 15
minutes each Sunday morning,
starting at 10:45, announcing the
morning service. It has been the
custom to have the chimes rung in
this manner only on Christmas Day,
but from now on they will be heard
each Sunday.
