# When Stanford Fell in Ruins
## 
### 

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.

THE EFFECT WAS TERRIBLE, said the Daily Palo Alto on April 18, 190fi, in describing the earthquake
that wrecked $2,800,000 worth of buildings and took two lives. Over at the S.A.E. house the fellows he
moaned the loss of a fine collection of beer steins. Truly terrible.
