# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.

JACK WEIERSHAUSER
The country's finest collegiate low hurdler. Weicrshauser will pull
the iron-man stunt of the afternoon when he runs three, possibly four
races against the Trojans here tomorrow afternoon.
