# Boxers To Get Tunney Awards This Quarter
## Gold Boxing Gloves To Be Given Fighters For Exceptional Points 
### 
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
Gene Tunney boxing awards for
exceptional qualities will ho pre
sented to the outstanding varsity
boxer in each weight division
sometime toward the end of this
month, according to John Priddle,
boxing coach. These coveted tro
phies are awarded on a basis of
scholarship, sportsmanship, boxing
ability, character, and leadership.
The award Ls a gold boxing glove
donated by Gene Tunney, former
heavyweight champion of the world.
For the past month, varsity men
and recruits from last fall's fresh
men have been holding "spring
practice" three days a week. The
purpose of these work-outs is to
keep the boxers in trim for the next
.all and winter season.
Varsity members who have been
reporting for practice include Herb
Gunn, Mac Pope, Bob Cahill, Frank
White, Chuck Schafer, Jiick Ilata,
Bill Boyd, and Bob Dakan. Recruits
from the class of '40 include Jack
Rice and Bob Hovey.
