# Rooms Available In French House
## 
### 
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
There will be several vacancies in
(ho French House next year, it was
announced yesterday. All those in
terested in living at the house arc
asked to sign up in Room 246, Ro
manic Language Building, this
morning, or at the house Ibis after
noon. Applications will also be
taken Monday at the same places.
It was stated that requirements for
living at the French House arc a
knowledge of the language and an
interest in French culture and civ
ilization.
