# Farm's Old-Timers Return For Two-Day Memory Fest; Honor Dr. Durand Tonight
## Technicians, Captains Of Industry Will Honor Durand at S.F. Dinner 
### 
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
Honoring Dr. William Frederick ,
Durand, emeritus professor of me- i
chanical engineering, visiting alumni j
will attend a banquet at the San j
Francisco Commercial Club at 7:30 j
tonight. Harry F. Guggenheim will j
preside, and speakers will be Sam- j
uel B. Morris, Desn 01 the School of j
Engineering, and Captain Edwin C. j
Musick, veteran Pan - American
Clipper pilot.
Distinguished Guests
Among the distinguished guests to !
be present at the banquet are Carl
Breer, executive engineer of the
Chrysler Corporation; Orin B. Cold
well, general manager of the Port
land General Electric Co.; Paul M.
Downing, vice-president and general
manager P. G. & E.; Leonard F.
Fuller, professor of electrical engi
neering at the University of Califor
nia.
Herbert C. Hoover; Laurence M.
Klauber, vice-president and general
superintendent of the San Diego
Consolidated Gas and Electric Co.;
Dr. Clark Millikin, president of the
Institute of Aeronautic Science in
Pasadena.
Paul B. McKee, president of the
Pacific Power and Light Co.; Ed
ward H. Nutter, West Coast repre
sentative of Eastern Aeronautical
firms; William W. Orcutt, vice-presi
dent of the Union Oil Co.; Colonel
Clarence M. Young, vice-president
of the Pan-American Airways; and
many others.
Guggenheim Medalist
Dr. Durand has had a distinguished
career in aeronautical and marine
engineering, having reecived both
the Guggenheim and John Fritz
medal awards in 1935. He is a former
member of the National Advisory
Commission for Aeronautics,, and in
1929 was a member of the advisory
board of engineers for the Boulder
Dam Project.
