# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
Roos Knows the Campus
Gentlemen—
Do you know what
you can get in the way
of Sweaters for 5 dol
lars? 5 types ... 3
shades. Come in and
see them.
Roo^Bkw
LNCINA SHOP
