# LeGallienne Company To Perform in San Jose
## 
### 
Following close on the heels of a
.successful San Francisco engage
ment, Eva LeGallienne will make a
single appearance in San Jose, where
she will appear in the title role of
Ibsen's great and dramatic "Hedda
Gabler." The Roosevelt Auditorium
will be the scene of the performance
on February 26.
Originally translated by William
Archer, the noted English critic, ihe
play is being presented by Miss Le-
Gallienne in a new version by Julie
LeGallienne, the actress* mother, and
Paul Layssac, distinguished Scandi
navian scholar, who also plays an
important role in the current pro
duction.
This is the first extended tour of
this famous actress-manager, who
has appeared in 57 plays since her
debut in London in 1914. Since that
time also, she has been the moving
spirit behind the New York Civic-
Repertory Theatre, where she has
directed and appeared in plays by
Ibsen, Shakespeare, Schnitzler, Gol
doni, Hauptmann, Benavente, and
Barrie.
