# EUROPEAN POWERS UNITE
## 
### 

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)

The possibility of German intervention in the muddled affairs of Aus- j
tria motivated the action of Great Britain, France, and Italy that revolved
around a "hands off" warning discussed over the week-end. Premier Mus- J
solini, right, proposer of the three-power warning, is fighting to keep Aus
tria a buffer state between Italy and Germany. Mussolini is shown in a
friendly meeting with Prime Minister Ramsey Mac Donald of England, j
(Associated Press Photo)
