# EX-CHAPLAIN GIVES SERMON IN CHAPEL
## 
### 
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
Discussing morality, the Rt. Rev.
Monsignor Joseph M. Gleason of
Oakland gave yesterday morning's
sermon as guest speaker in the Me-
morial Church. Mons. Gleason, pas-
tor of the St. Francis de Sales
Church, is a former army chaplain
who served with the United States
Army during the South Luzon cam
paign and the Boxer rebellion.
Gretchaninoff's Cherubim Song
and "O Bone Jesu," by Palestrina,
were the anthems sung by the choir
under direction of Warren D. Allen.
