# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Ann Enderton. '52,
to W. Gilbert Clark, physics grad
uate student. They plan to be mar
ried in Palo Alto on June 15.
