# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
Why deny your
self a satisfying
home-cooked
dinner when it
may be had at
KOPPER KETTLE
for seventy-five
cents
The Kopper Kettle is located on
Bryant Street between University
and Hamilton.
