# Freshmen to Hold Informal At Branner, February 13
## 
### 
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
The class of 1929 will give its first
informal dance at Branner hall on
Saturday, February 13. Under the
chairmanship of Powell Carpenter, the
committee is planning a Valentine
dance.
Plans which are not yet completed
Include the importation of a five- or
seven-piece orchestra from San Fran
cisco, a specialty dancing act, and
decorations to carry out the Valentine
spirit
