# WOMEN TO HAVE NEW BASKETBALL COURTS
## 
### 
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
Two new basketball courts may be
set up on the Roble gymnasium ath
letic field next season, according to
Miss Helen Masters Bunting, head of
the Women's Physical Education de
partment.
The enrollment in basketball this
winter totals sixteen full teams, with
a few players left over, and the new
courts will be set up in anticipation
of an even larger turnout for the sport.
At present both the freshman and
sophomore teams practice at the same
hour, with each class having more
than a full team on the bench during
practice.
The proposed new courts would be
placed between the two sets of courts
that are now available for playing.
This equipment, according to Miss
Bunting, will make it possible for
twenty-four more players to practice
at one time than with the present
space.
