# Mrs. Calvin to Direct Roble Gym in Summer
## 
### 
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
Mrs. Ruth Calvin will be acting di
rector of the Roble gymnasium dur
ing the summer quarter this year, ac
cording to a statement issued by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
department, yesterday. Mrs. Calvin is
an instructor in dancing and swim
ming at the women's gymnasium.

Other new members of the women's
physical education staff will be Dr.
Maud Lee Etheredge, who will be act
ing medical advisor to women, and
Frances Foster, '24, who will teach
diving and act as life-guard at the
Roble pool.
