# Uncertain Situation Forces Market Down
## 
### 
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
NEW YORK, May 26 (UP).—Un
certainties posed by latest develop
ments in the international situation
and speculation on what President
Roosevelt will say in his fireside
chat tomorrow brought a lightening
up movement in stocks today. It
forced the general list down to the
lowest level since June 11, 1940.
