# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## CHUCK SMITH, Sports Editor HYSTERICAL ROMPS HOME WINNER 
### 

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.

TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND racing fans were on deck to see Hysterical, No. 8, win the $10,000 Hollywood
premiere handicap at the track's opening at Inglewood, Cal. Exemplify, No. 12, on rail, second; Biff Ben.
No. 11, third.
