# Lagunita Elects Casa Presidents
## 
### 
At elections held in Lagunita
Court recently the following girls
were chosen to serve as casa presi
dents and members of committee of
eight for next year: Granada presi
dent, Bernice May, member of eight,
Persis Johnson; Ventura president,
Mary Joy Jameson, member of com
mittee of eight, Caroline Tyson.
Eucalypto president, Carol Rhodes,
member committee of eight, Mary
Helen Bergman; Magnolia president.
Nancy Hood, member of committee
of eight, Pauline Deuel; Naranja
president, Peggy Meyer, member
committee of eight, Pat Foran,
Olivo president, Frances Whipple,
member committee of eight, Harriet
Henderson; Adelfa president, tie,
member of committee of eight.
Peggy Sussman.
