# New Flying Unit Planned
## 
### 

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)

PICTURED ARE SOME of (lie members of Stanford Flying Cartel Unit I being addressed by Maj. Malcolm
Buchanan. The student at the extreme right is Lee A. Telesco, elected by the {{roup as its leader. (Cut
courtesy of San Jose Evening News)
