# Russia Choir To Sing Friday
## 
### 
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
The Russian Choir of the De
fense Language Institute will
present a program of Russian
folk music Friday at 8:30 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium under the
sponsorship of the Inter Ilousc-
Couneil. Made up of American
Soldiers, the Choir represents an
effort to acquaint the soldiers
with the people of foreign coun
tries not only through their lan
guage. but through their folk mu
sic, an important aspect of their
culture.
The program will begin with a
religious song, Troparion: ()
Lord, Save Thy People, and will
include some sea songs, several
Army songs including That's How
We Live In Our Country, hihl
Borodino, and Kvo Cossack folk
songs, Pray, My Friend, and Here
The Cossacks Kide. Also included
will be Be Prepared, a "traditional
song of the Russian boy scout
organization."
The proceeds of I his concert, an
IHC cultural event, will help fi
nance the IMC (tUesHivßesidence
Program.
