# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
Typing—Mimeographing
TYPING, immediate service, rea
sonable rates. Pick-up and deliv
ery, no extra charge. DA 3-4525.
FULL KNOWL. scien. & tech. terms
for manuscript & thesis typing.
Ed. exper. DA 2-6821 after 5.
TYPING
Mrs. Josephine O'Hara
1119 Byront St., PA. DA 2-1344
MANUSCRIPT TYPING
Guaranteed Work
Mrs. R. Ortman DA 2-9153
TYPING DONE AT HOME
DA 3-3980 1731 Park Blvd.
EMPLOYMENT
112 Help Wanted
WANTED — Charming young lady,
preferably single, between ages of
18 and 21, with car, to handle
women's fashions for the Stanford
Daily. Good way to earn extra
money. See Sam Freshman be
tween 3 and 4 Mon. through BYi.
SINGLE MALE STUDENT as night
clerk, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m., alternate
nights. Casa Palo Motel, DA
2-2304.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION IN BALLROOM
DANCING—AII types. Simplified
method. Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
RENTALS
FURN. APT. for 2 people; bedrm.,
living rm., kitchenette, shower;
overlooks pool $125 a month, incl.
util. Mountain Home Rd., Wood
side. UL 1-7161.
ROOM, bath, full board for couple
or single person in exchange for
part - time help in house. DA
2-9248 .
Deadline for classified ads is 5
p.m. of (he day before publication.
