# Tuesday Series Lecturer to Show Slides of Russia
## 
### 
A color-slide view inside Russia
will be presented by Norman C.
Stines, Jr., former member of the
United States embassy staff in Mos
cow, tomorrow evening at 7:30 in
Memorial Hall.
The color slides, covering varied
aspects of Russian life, were taken
between 1050 and 1952. During
those years Stines served as first
secretary and deputy chief of the
Internal Affairs Section of the em
bassy in Moscow.
With a few exceptions, the pic
tures were taken without the per
mission of the Soviet government.
Since Stines enjoyed diplomatic im
munity, he was able (o bring out the
films when he left the Soviet Union.
Included are unique views of sev
eral places of historic and archi
tectural interest, such as the Za
gorsk Monastery and the Kremlin.
