# Elections Close Today
## 
### 
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
Polls will close this afternoon
at 4 p.m. in the elections for
Head Yell Leader and the off
campus LASSIJ representative.
Students are urged lo vote for
their candidate before the dead
line in polling booths located at
the Engineering Corner and the
Post Office.
