# CREDIT TRANSFER PROCEDURE
## 
### 
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
Old returning students wishing to
petition for transfer credit evalua
tion may obtain forms at the infor
mation desk in Room 111-A in the
Inner Quad.
