# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."

"We must have failed to proofread all of my new text, Miss
Slurp—why, parts of this chapter are written so clearly 1 even
understand it."
