# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.

DIALS GALORE —The control panel of the linear accelerator is adjusted by Dr. Edward L.
Cinzton, director of the Microwave Laboratory, and Mrs. Phyllis Hanson, technician. With all
its complex controls, the accelerator can be run on a seven-day basis by only four technicians.
