# Freshman Social Chairmen to Meet
## 
### 
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
A meeting of all freshman social
chairmen will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 3:30 in the Nitery. Chair
men will discuss methods of im
proving exchanges.
Ben Harris and Marge Cathcart,
co-chairmen of Frosh Excom's "Soc-
It-Up" Committee, will lead the dis
cussion, and present ideas given
them by social chairmen and spon
sors.
