# INTRAMURAL BASKETBALL
## 
### 
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
Intramural basketball will start
Monday night regardless of rushing,
because all play must be completed
in seven weeks, Elwyn Bugge an
nounced. All entries must be in by
6 tonight.
