# Freshman Card Sale Will Close Wednesday
## 
### 
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
The sale of freshman class cards
will close Wednesday, Frosh Excom
member Spike Lynch announced
yesterday. He urged all frosh who
have not already purchased their
cards to do so immediately.
Advantages of the card include:
free subscription to the class news
paper, free admission to class assem
blies, talent shows, the Frosh-Soph
Jamboree, and the Cal-Frosh Ex
change; reduced rates on the frosh
dance, all class dances, exchange
dances with Cal, and class parties
and outings.
