# 'Suspicious Boss' On Trial Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight at 7:30 in Room 100, the
Appellate Court of the State of
Stanford will convene to hear the
case of Parks vs. Davis. D. S. Bush
nell and D. J. Stone will represent
Parks and counsel for Davis are
'F. L. Smee and G. P. Oakes.
Tonight's chief justice will be
Frank L. Crist, Palo Alto attorney,
with Victoria Glennon and Burt L.
Talcott, law students, as associate
justices.
Parks, who worked in Davis'
store, was called into Davis' office
to be questioned about some stolen
merchandise. Davis had his secre
tary keep tho office door locked
during the questioning. Parks fin
ally convinced Davis that he was
innocent, and Davis called the .sec
retary to open the door. When
Parks found out that he had been
locked in, he quit his job and
brought this action for false impris
onment.
The Superior Court of Mayfield
County found for Parks, and Davis
appealed on the grounds 1) that
Parks was not conscious of his con
finement at the time, and 2) that he
had a right lo detain a suspected
thief.
The session tonight is one of a sc
ries in the preliminary Moot Court
comptition of the Stanford Law
School now being held under direc
tion of Moot Court Board.
