# Cathayans to Hold Social Saturday
## 
### 
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
Chinese Club will have a picnic
supper followed by a record dance
this Saturday, November 2, an
nounces Delbert Wong, club presi
dent.
The picnic will be held at Flood
Park in Menlo Park. Picnickers
will meet at the Chinese Clubhouse,
Salvaticrra at 1 p.m.. before n<>-
ing. Following the picnic supper,
members and guests will adjourn to
tho Nitery for record dancing. Fel
lows are urged to get their dates
lined up early. Members who con
template inviting guests are re
quested to indicate so on the bulle
tin board in the Chinese Clubhous .
A charge of 50 cents will be made
to non-members.
Students from San Jose will be
joint participants in this affair.
