# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.

CATTLE RUSTLING REVIVED—CattIe rustling moved back east from the range and is showing up in
Michigan. This Michigan state trooper hid himself near the body of a calf found near Bay City in the
hope that the rustler would return for the meat. The amateur butcher, however, failed to reappear.
