# CREW TO MEET MONDAY
## 
### 
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
The Stanford crew will meet next
Monday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 at the Bow
man Alumni House.
The meeting will bring to a close
the fall workouts, and is compul
sory for all freshman and new oars
men. Varsity members of the crew
are also invited.
Ky Ebright, coach of the Cal crew
and 1948 Olympic crew coach, will
speak and show movies of the 1952
Olympic races. The program of
training and the schedule for the
coming season will also be pre
sented.
