# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
t n
J. JAY BAKER
Jeweler
WATCHES — DIAMONDS
SILVERWARE
Crucn and Agency
•
WATCH REPAIRING
and
"Gifts for all occasions"
Exclusive representative
for Lucicn Lelong
Perfumes
II 1
