# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
Sailing Club: Meeting tonight at
Los Arcos at 8:30.
A.1.E.E.: Meeting today at 7:30 in
Room 283. Mr. John Dodge of the
General Electric Company will
give a talk entitled "The Tempera
ture Hill," which is on mercury
i turbine cycles. All engineers are
invited. Refreshments will be
served.
J Organ Recital: 4:15 today in the
Memorial Chapel.
Lecture: Dr. J. Wight Duff will I
speak tonight in the Little Theater
at 7:30 on "Roman Society in the j
Early Empire."
Lagunita Court Jolly-up: Street
dance at 7.
1 Men's Tuition Notes: Applications
and renewals for summer and fall
quarters must be turned in at i
Dean Culver's office this week.
Women's Tuition Notes: Application I
for notes due at Dean of Women's [
office by May 23.
Senior Ball Committee: Meeting to
night at 8 o'clock at Lagunita
Court.
Quad: Final sale at post office today.
