# A 						Little Idealism Needed In College Sports
## 
### 
Yesterday's announcement of a clash in pol
icy between alumni and faculty members of the
Board of Athletic Control vividly brought homo
the old battles of idealism vs. practicalism, com
mercialism vs. amateurism in college athletics.
The alumni representatives on the Board ra
tionalize their insistence on added control over
the Stanford coaching staff by asserting that
"since the public and the alumni support ath
letics, whereas students and endowment finance
the other departments," they have a right to
determine whether or not the coach is doing his
job.
They believe, apparently sincerely, that the
gripe letters, sometimes numbering over 100,
which they receive after each football game,
are an adequate cross-section of alumni opinion.
Most of these letters, in reality, are from those
comparatively few alumni who have personal
reasons for being interested in the rather mea
ger satisfaction that "victory at any cost" af
fords.
It is to this determination on the part of alumni
minorities to run college athletics —not merely
at Stanford, but all over the country —that forms
the greatest danger for amateurism. It was the
forerunner of flagrant proselyting, favoritism in
selecting teams, the "win or else" philosophy,
and nearly everything that has made college
athletics so incompatible with the fundamental
things that great universities stand for.
To permit this to go on will eventually bring
complete severance of the already slim threads
that hold college athletics and colleges them
selves together. More idealism, less practical
ism are essential if amateur sports hope to with
stand the lure of professionalism and remain
amateur.
