# Preview
## 
### 
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
Thursday
News

Julie Lythcott-Haims, associate dean for student
affairs at the Law School, is the new assitant
to President Hennessy. This Stanford graduate
and former senior class president will assist
him with his myriad of tasks. Check out an
interview with her in tommorrow's Daily.
