# Stanford People Studying at Chicago.
## 
### 
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
The following former Stanford stu
dents are now registered at the Uni
versity of Chicago: J. F. Riley, 'OS, F.
Schnack, '08, C. C. McColloch, ex-'OS,
W. L. Brooks, ex-'OB, H. F. Bruning,
ex-'O9, A. W. Field, ex-'O9, and L. C.
Pickering, ex-'O9, in the department of
law; and R. Q. Brown, ex-'OO, A. E.
Malum, ex-'O9, and Miss V. A. Steele,
'08, in other departments of the uni
versity.
