# For the record
## 
### 
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
In yesterday's Campus Bulletin,
Estelle Freedman's title was in
correct. She is a professor of his
tory.
In yesterday's article on lofts,
senior Robert Merithew's resi
dence was incorrect. He lives in
Terra.
