# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT
For Every Intramural Sport
at prices that represent a dis
tinct saving. You get your dis
count when you buy at the
ENCINA GYMNASIUM
ATHLETIC STORE
Operated at cost by the Hoard
of Athletic Control of Stanford
University.
No "red tape," no checks to re
deem. A complete assortment of
athletic supplies for —
Football, Basketball, Soccer,
Boxing, Fencing, Tennis,
Baseball, Swimming,
Wrestling, Handball,
Gaymnasium, Golf,
and Track
