# FITZ-HARVEY
## 
### 

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.

Miss Kathleen Fitz and Byron Har
vey, who will appear in "Americana,"
one of the "Football Gaieties" acts.
