# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
A loving-cup is to be awarded to the
individual who makes the best poster de
sign for the fall play, Booth Tarking
ton's "Intimate Strangers," at the Uni
versity of Utah.
