# Adv. 27 Page 16
## 
### 
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
Money
Talks
Part of the money you
give the American
Cancer Society helps the
International Association
of Laryngectomees help
thousands of people to
learn to talk again after
their voice boxes have
been removed.
Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
American
Cancer I
Society 4
