# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


There's someone
Junior Meegan Lannin has
decided she's someone who
likes gymnastics.
page 8

in my head,
The Stanford Vintage Dance
Ensemble used their heads to
play at the Smithsonian.
Intermission

and it's not me.
It may not be just long
fingernails that make Mike
Nichols a freak.
page 4


