# Cashier Office Now Located at Encina
## 
### 
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
Beginning today, the offices of the
cashier and student accounts will be
in Encina Hall. These offices were
in Building 1 facing Memorial Court.
The cashier is located in Encina
lobby, at the right of the entrance.
Student accounts are in Room 141,
the former office of the Encina di
rector.
The Encina office has been moved
upstairs to Room 201.
