# Mural Basketball Entries Should Be In Immediately
## 
### 
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
Charlie Davis, director of intra
mural athletics, announces that all
entries for Intramural Basketball
should bo in at once. Managers of liv
ing groups, especially those of inde
pendent organizations and teams, are
requested to attend to this as soon
as possible as the league schedules
are to be planned during the Christ
mas vacation.
Entries close during examination
week.
