# SOPH COTILLION BIDS AVAILABLE TO ALL CAMPUS
## 
### 
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
A number of bids for the Sopho
more Cotillion to be given in the
Pavilion on December 7 are still avail
able at the office of the Old Union
and may be obtained from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5 o'clock. The sale is open
to the student body as a whole and
not restricted to members of the
sophomore class.
This year the decorations for the
dance will be Egyptian and plans call
for elaborate furnishings to reflect
fashions and modes of the days of
Cleopatra. As far as is known, the
Egyptian idea has never been em
ployed as the theme for any previous
campus dance.
Largely through the efforts of A 1
Miller, sophomore class president,
Leo Gerckins and his orchestra have
been secured to furnish the music.
Those who revelled at the Mark Hop
kins Hotel on Big Game night can
attest to the popularity of Gerckin's
orchestra.
