# Two Moot Court Debates Will Be Reviewed Tonight
## 
### 
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
First-round competition in the Moot
Court tournament will be completed
tonight when two cases will be held
in the Law Building. Scully and Law
son meet Draper and Vincenti in
Room 11 before Attorney John C.
Duniway of San Francisco, a gradu
ate of Stanford. Cook and Baker op
pose Zitkow.ski and Truman in Room
12 before a judge not yet announced.
