# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
i
Many Bay Region
branches under
:stronply centralized
contra ! afford the
proven advantages
of centralized hank*
ing Pi us the modern
convenience of
branch banking*
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since IBj}
mmS>* i mb
SAVINCS TRI7ST
COMMERCIAL BANKWC |j.ll
