# B.E.F. "ON TO WASHINGTON"
## 
### 
Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

Here is a portion of the "veterans' expeditionary force" marching
through New York streets on their way to Washington. George
Allium, their commander-in-chief, is shown in the center of the
group. The bonus-seekers are now encamped at Fort Hill, Virginia,
within sight of the Capitol dome.

