# OKEH MUSCLE SHOALS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
WASHINGTON, May 16 (/P)—The
Striate today adopted the confer
ence report on the Muscle Shoals-
Ttnnessee Valley development bill
and sent it to the House.
