# Untitled Article
## 
### 

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)

William C. Bullitt of Philadel
phia was named a special assistant
in the state department. (Associ
ated Press Photo)
