# Famed Physicist Holds Own Against Pneumonia Attack
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. (>P) —Professor
Albert A. Michelson, world-famous
physicist, containued to hold his own
early today against pneumonia, and
physicians expressed hope that the
77-year-ohl scientist would survive.
Doctors said early today that the
infection had gained no ground, but
warned that the crisis had not been
reached. The professor's advanced age
precluded any predictions as to his
ultimate recovery, the doctors said.
Professor Michelson was stricken
with pneumonia while convalescing
from a minor operation he underwent
September 20.
