# REGISTER 3447 IN OPENING TWO DAYS
## 
### 
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
At the close of registration
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
a report from the Registrar's of
fice showed that the figures were
slightly above those of last year.
Up to the close of the second
day 3447 students had registered
for the fall quarter. This figure
exceeded that of last year by 42.
Last year for the first timp in
Stanford history registration fig
ures passed the 3400 mark when
3405 had signed up by the end of
the second dav.
