# Untitled Article
## 
### 
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y.—President
MacCracken of Vassar is thoroughly I
in accord with President Angell of;
Yale in the statement that week-end
trips of undergraduates to women's
colleges are harmful. His views were
misinterpreted.
