# San Francisco Lawyer To Make Prohibition Inquiry
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.
dent Hoover announced today that
John McNab, attorney of San Fran
cisco, had consented to make a study
of federal judicial procedure and ad
ministration of the Eighteenth Amend
ment and to formulate changes to be
recommended to Congress in Decem
ber.
