# TO RESUME SESSIONS
## 
### 
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
LONDON, Sept. CO. (£>)—ln the ab
sence of Prime Minister Ramsay Mac-
Donald who is speeding over the high
seas to America for a conference on
disarmament with President Hoover,
political parties in Britain have be
gun to prepare for the resumption of
Parliamentary sessions at the end of
October.
