# DR. JORDAN UNCHANGED
## 
### 
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
The condition of Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Stanford's Chancellor Emeri
tus, remained unchanged late last
night. No immediate change is ex
pected.
