# Fifth Army Advances Under Heavy Attacks
## 
### 
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
ALLIED H.Q., ALGIERS. Oct. 18.
—Fighting off waves of Nazi coun
ter-attacks, Fifth Army troops have
covered three more hard won miles
north of the Volturno, capturing 10
small towns and driving against the
2,500-foot Mt. Massico from which
the Germans were throwing clown a
heavy barrage, it was announced to
day.
Fierce fighting also developed on
the Adriatic front where the British
Eighth rolled into Monte Gilfone,
four miles west of Guglionesi, only
to be repulsed by a strong Nazi gar
rison which outnumbered the British
patrol.
