# The 						Team at Santa Cruz.
## 
### 
The practice game at Santa Cruz re
sulted in a score of 14 to 4 in favor of
the second eleven. The second eleven
however, was so only in name, for four
'Varsity men played with it. There
were about two bundled and tilty
present. The game, however, was a
secondary consideration, for the team
were treated in a royal way and revelled
in the luxury of a hotel table where
training rules could be forgotten. There
was also "a sound of revelry by night"
for the music played and the fellows
danced until two o'clock Sunday morn
ing.
The practice game at Santa Cruz re
sulted in a score of 14 to 4 in favor of
the second eleven. The second eleven
however, was so only in name, for four
'Varsity men played with it. There
were about two bundled and tilty
present. The game, however, was a
secondary consideration, for the team
were treated in a royal way and revelled
in the luxury of a hotel table where
training rules could be forgotten. There
was also "a sound of revelry by night"
for the music played and the fellows
danced until two o'clock Sunday morn
ing.
The practice game at Santa Cruz re
sulted in a score of 14 to 4 in favor of
the second eleven. The second eleven
however, was so only in name, for four
'Varsity men played with it. There
were about two bundled and tilty
present. The game, however, was a
secondary consideration, for the team
were treated in a royal way and revelled
in the luxury of a hotel table where
training rules could be forgotten. There
was also "a sound of revelry by night"
for the music played and the fellows
danced until two o'clock Sunday morn
ing.
