# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now that the place of our enter
tainment on Thanksgiving night has
been tinally decided upon, every
student in the University should
make arrangements to he present
There will be some very attractive
features presented, but apait from
this our loyalty to Stanford should
make no urging necessary fur us to
lend our presence and enthusiasm to
the occasion.
Now that the place of our enter
tainment on Thanksgiving night has
been tinally decided upon, every
student in the University should
make arrangements to he present
There will be some very attractive
features presented, but apait from
this our loyalty to Stanford should
make no urging necessary fur us to
lend our presence and enthusiasm to
the occasion.
Now that the place of our enter
tainment on Thanksgiving night has
been tinally decided upon, every
student in the University should
make arrangements to he present
There will be some very attractive
features presented, but apait from
this our loyalty to Stanford should
make no urging necessary fur us to
lend our presence and enthusiasm to
the occasion.
