# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday said that negotiations are
under way which might lead to
replacement of the STAR units at
Stanford by ASTP units in October
when Autumn Quarter opens.
