# Soldiers Marry During Furloughs
## 
### 
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
In the past a great deal has been
written about the many furlough
brides but now we think it time to
speak of another creature, the fur
lough bridegroom.
During last week's furloughs Ha
zel Hihler and Cpl. Leonard Long
ley were married, Maureen Reitz
became the bride of Pfc. Frank Benz
in Hollywood, Dorcas Ford and Pfc.
Dale Miner were married in Memo
rial Church by Dr. Trueblood, who
also united Capitola Stark and Pfc.
John Burger. Married in Seattle
were Susan Caplan and T, 4 Otto
Frank, while Los Angeles was the
scene of the wedding of Pauline
Shreve and Pfc. Dale Harter. Anne
Miesuk and Pfc. Robert Knapp were
married in San Francisco and Luella
Taylor and Pfc. Ed Ellis were mar
ried in Berkeley.
