# "HOW TO STUDY" IS POPULAR ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
Since the 400 first edition copies
of the bulletin, "How to Study,"
compiled by Gilbert Wrenn of the
vocational guidance service, have
: been exhausted, a new edition is
| being printed.
The new edititon of several hun
dred copies will be on sale at the
Bookstore within a few days. The
price will remain at 15 cents. Mail
order requests as well as student
purcha es used up the supply of ihe
I original edition,
