# AFGHANS ENLIST MEDICS
## 
### 
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
PARIS, Nov. 30. (/P) —European
doctors, dentists, and pharmacists
are being engaged here to go to
Afghanistan as part of a new mod- j
ernization program for that Asiatic j
kingdom. A mission to the United !
States is to study American hos
pitals.
