# DRAMA CUSSES PRESENT PLAYS
## Program Includes Work Of Famous Playwright 
### 
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
Three one-act plays will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre by the
classes in acting and directing at
8 o'clock Friday. It has become cus
tomary to present a group of one
acts at the end of every quarter.
This quarter the material an
nounced includes the work of well
known playwrights, and each of the
three plays will be of a different
type.
The three plays chosen are: "The
Dreamy Kid," a drama by Eugene
O'Neil dealing with Harlem negro
life, directed by Ben Kagan; 'Cates
by," a delightful comedy by Perci
val Wilde, directed by John Shid
ler; and "The Swan Song,, by An
thony Tchekov, directed by Lynn
Barnard. The setting for this Tche
kov play is an old Russian provin
cial stage.
"The Dreamy Kid" is a well
known play. The cast is as follows:
Mammy Saunders.. .Martha Slayton
Cecily Ann Josephine Filcher
The Dreamy Kid....Jack Redhead
Virginia Wilson and John Henry
Feekham wyi take the two roles in
"Catesby."
Tickets will be sold for 50 cents
apiece at the door. The first play
will begin at 8 o'clock.
