# THOMPSON LEAVES NORWAY TODAY FOR RETURN TO CAMPUS
## 
### 
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
Professor Walter Thompson of the
Department of Political Science, who
has been in Scandinavia for the
past nine months, will return to
Stanford for the opening of the win
ter quarter.
Thompson has been studying the
Bratt system of liquor control in
Sweden and the liquor control sys
tems in Norway and Finland. He
has also been lecturing in Upsala
University, Upsala, Sweden, and
the Kongelige Frederiks University,
in Oslo. Norway, as a Carnegie pro
fessor aided by a grant from the
local Laura Spelman Rockefeller
Foundation vested in the Stanford
Social Science Research Council.
Professor and Mrs. Thompson will
leave Oslo on Tuesday, December 1,
traveling south through Germany,
until December 16, when they will
sail from Bremen for New York on
the S.S. Europa. They will stop in
Washnigton the last of December for
the meeting of the' American Politi
cal Science Association and will re
turn to the campus in January.
SEATTLE, Nov. 30. (/P) —Stephen
J. Chadwick, 68, former State Su
preme Court Justice, died here
today.
