# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following persons will take charge
of the chapel exercises next week;
Monday, Pres. Jordan; Tuesday, Prof.
Griffin; Wednesday, Prof. Pease;
Thursday, Prof. Luthrop; Friday, Mr.
Greene.
The game of football playrd at. Cen
tral Park yesterday between U. C. and
picked team resulted in favor of the
U. C's by a score of 14 to 12. Heflel
finger, Norton, Bliss, and Goodwin, all
Yale players, did some great work for
the picked team.
The following persons will take charge
of the chapel exercises next week;
Monday, Pres. Jordan; Tuesday, Prof.
Griffin; Wednesday, Prof. Pease;
Thursday, Prof. Luthrop; Friday, Mr.
Greene.
The game of football playrd at. Cen
tral Park yesterday between U. C. and
picked team resulted in favor of the
U. C's by a score of 14 to 12. Heflel
finger, Norton, Bliss, and Goodwin, all
Yale players, did some great work for
the picked team.
