# Verba Joining U. Of Chicago
## 
### 
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
Dr. Sidney Verba will leave
Stanford's political science de
partment after fall quarter to
join the University of Chicago's
in January.
He plans to continue there the
instruction and research he has
pursued at Stanford during the
last four years.
Verba currently directs the
cross-national program in politi
cal and social change, which
gathers and researches parallel
data on political development in
the United States, Japan, Ni
geria and India.
Verba has worked with the
Institute of Political Studies,
concentrating on public opinion
research relating to American
foreign policy. He has also
tackled theoretical problems as
sociated with political develop
ment.
Verba was a member of the
Princeton faculty for six years
before coming to Stanford. He
termed Stanford's political sci
ence department "one of the top
10 in the country. Each day is
more and more exciting," he
commented, noting especially
the last few days.
