# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
There are now seventeen Stanford
men at Harvard.
Maynard, "J4, a member of
Sigma Nu fraternity, a star quar
ter-mile runner, and one of the
football managers, is superintend
ent of the Bumblebee Mine in Ari
zona.
Lewis II. Smith, '95, a member
of Sigma Nu fraternity, is success
fully established as an attorney in
Fresno, his home town, where he is
in partnership with an ex superior
judge reputed to be the best lawyer
in that part of the state. Though
scarcely twenty-six years of age,
Smith has already something of a
legal reputation and is very popu
lar. He was elected city attorney
at the municipal election yester
day on the Republican ticket. lli>
opponent was a man nearly fifty
years of age and a veteran Demo
crat.
There are now seventeen Stanford
men at Harvard.
Maynard, "J4, a member of
Sigma Nu fraternity, a star quar
ter-mile runner, and one of the
football managers, is superintend
ent of the Bumblebee Mine in Ari
zona.
Lewis II. Smith, '95, a member
of Sigma Nu fraternity, is success
fully established as an attorney in
Fresno, his home town, where he is
in partnership with an ex superior
judge reputed to be the best lawyer
in that part of the state. Though
scarcely twenty-six years of age,
Smith has already something of a
legal reputation and is very popu
lar. He was elected city attorney
at the municipal election yester
day on the Republican ticket. lli>
opponent was a man nearly fifty
years of age and a veteran Demo
crat.
There are now seventeen Stanford
men at Harvard.
Maynard, "J4, a member of
Sigma Nu fraternity, a star quar
ter-mile runner, and one of the
football managers, is superintend
ent of the Bumblebee Mine in Ari
zona.
Lewis II. Smith, '95, a member
of Sigma Nu fraternity, is success
fully established as an attorney in
Fresno, his home town, where he is
in partnership with an ex superior
judge reputed to be the best lawyer
in that part of the state. Though
scarcely twenty-six years of age,
Smith has already something of a
legal reputation and is very popu
lar. He was elected city attorney
at the municipal election yester
day on the Republican ticket. lli>
opponent was a man nearly fifty
years of age and a veteran Demo
crat.
There are now seventeen Stanford
men at Harvard.
Maynard, "J4, a member of
Sigma Nu fraternity, a star quar
ter-mile runner, and one of the
football managers, is superintend
ent of the Bumblebee Mine in Ari
zona.
Lewis II. Smith, '95, a member
of Sigma Nu fraternity, is success
fully established as an attorney in
Fresno, his home town, where he is
in partnership with an ex superior
judge reputed to be the best lawyer
in that part of the state. Though
scarcely twenty-six years of age,
Smith has already something of a
legal reputation and is very popu
lar. He was elected city attorney
at the municipal election yester
day on the Republican ticket. lli>
opponent was a man nearly fifty
years of age and a veteran Demo
crat.
There are now seventeen Stanford
men at Harvard.
Maynard, "J4, a member of
Sigma Nu fraternity, a star quar
ter-mile runner, and one of the
football managers, is superintend
ent of the Bumblebee Mine in Ari
zona.
Lewis II. Smith, '95, a member
of Sigma Nu fraternity, is success
fully established as an attorney in
Fresno, his home town, where he is
in partnership with an ex superior
judge reputed to be the best lawyer
in that part of the state. Though
scarcely twenty-six years of age,
Smith has already something of a
legal reputation and is very popu
lar. He was elected city attorney
at the municipal election yester
day on the Republican ticket. lli>
opponent was a man nearly fifty
years of age and a veteran Demo
crat.
