# Mayor Rossi Asks 15 Million for Slums
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
WASHINGTON. April 13 (UP).—
Mayor Angelo J. Rossi of San
Francisco today asked U. S. Hous
ing Administrator Nathan Straus to
earmark $15,000,000 for slum clear
ance and low rent housing construc
tion in the west coast city.
Straus said it was the first appli
cation for an earmarking from the
authority's $500,000,000 fund from
any city west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
