# WOMEN PLAY TODAY
## 
### 
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
Women's intramural volleyball
starts today with three games
scheduled: Tri-Delt I vs. Roble
Howe, Tri-Delt III vs. Roble Ford,
and Roble Upson vs. Chi I. Games
will be played in the Women's Gym,
and must be finished by 5 p.m.
