# Clara Callender Shoots Hole-in-One
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
LOS ANGELES. April 13 (UP).—
Elizabeth Abbott of Los Angeles to
day scored a surprise victory over
Clara Callender of Monterey, de
fending champion, in the second
round of the California State Wom
en's Golf Tournament.
Although defeated. Miss Callender
gave the large gallery at Wilshire
Country Club a thrill when she shot
a hole in one on the 10th hole, a
160-yard shot which landed eight
feet from the pin and rolled in.
