# Spring Is Here
## 
### 

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.

SCENES LIKE this will be re
peated in many states this spring
when trout fishing season opens.
Here A. G. Boesel, president of
the Trout and Creel Club of New
York, unhooks a big brook trout
he caught on opening day.
