# Chappie Enlists Shirley Temple
## 
### 
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
None other than Shirley Tempi*?
will lead the list of art. contribu
tors in the spring issue of the Chap
pie, according to Editor Bob "Old
Boy" Hartmann. Repeating the tri
umph she scored in a contribution
last year, Shirley has turned in an
original drawing composed espe
cially for the Stanford Chaparral,
and heads a group of Chappie art
ists of equal fame and even more
ability.
Coming out next Wednesday, the
issue, all 44 pages of it. is guaran
teed by the editors to be the fun
niest and best in recent years. "Co
lossal, gigantic, super-magnificent"
and other million-dollar words
zipped through the air as Art Lcv
inson, well known to Chappie fan.',
tried to describe his photographic
layout, both in black and white and
in color, which he promises will
"knock your eye out!"
The Chappie will be crammed with
editorials, stories, and poems thai
J tell of "a young man's fancy," and a
surprise cover plate is promised.
