# Winther Writes On Early Stage-Coaches
## 
### 
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
Dr. Oscar O. Winther, acting in
structor in history at Stanford, has
just published an article in the De
cember issue of the Pacific Histori
cal Review.
The title of Winther's article is
"Stage-Coach Service in Northern
California, 1849-52." The heavy in
rush of gold-seekers and their dis
persal throughout northern Califor
nia in the years under considera
tion was responsible for the expan
sion of the stage-coach business.
California's population in 1852 was
more than a quarter of a million and
Winther traces the rise of stage
coach companies to serve these new
comers from 1849 to 1852 in fourteen
pages of exposition.
