# CENTRAL FIGURES IN 1935 ALABAMA-STANFORD GAME
## 
### 

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)

Coachcs Tiny Thornhill and Frank Thomas had good reason to be proud their gridders after Tuesday's Rose Bowl lilt. It was a clash of
all-Americans, with brilliant play in both the line and backfield. Moscrip, Hutson, Howell, Reynolds, Grayson, and Topping were all outstanding.
By their win, the Alabamans carry an undefeated record for Rose Bowl p lay back to the southern college. (Associated Press photo.)
