# YELL TRYOUTS TODAY
## 
### 
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
Practice for tryoutees for the posi
tion of yell leader will be held at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon in the
pavilion, with all men who tried out
fall quarter required to be present.
One more practice will be held next
Tuesday, and the final tryout will
be made before the rally committee
on January 11.
