# D.G. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Virginia Parker, '37.
