# MAKES HIS EMOTIONS IN SILENCE
## 
### 

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)

No playwright ever conceived of a more puzzling or enigmatic char
actor than Richard Bruno Hauptmann, the defendant in the Lindbergh
case. To all cross-examination his unshaken reply has been: "I did not
kill the baby. I was not in New Jersey at all." The case is now being
tried, with Hauptmann on trial for his life. (Associated Press photo.)
