# Earthquake Disturbs Palo Alto and San Jose
## 
### 
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
An earthquake, the third in five
days, occurred at 9:27 o'clock this
morning during the rush period of
registration. The quake lasted
about 20 seconds and was distinctly
felt in towns between Palo Alto and
San Jose.
Seismograph instruments at Lick
Observatory recorded the shock for
about two minutes and the seis
mologists estimated that it was lim
ited to about a radius of 50 miles.
No damage was reported.
