# Untitled Article
## 
### 
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
William Burbank of San Jose, father
of W. R Burbank. '1(5, passed away
Friday, in Oakland.
