# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
Contrary to a statement made in the
article on the organization of the Uni
versity, in last Friday's Daily Palo
Alto, student control was delegated to
the students by the President through
the agency of the Student Affairs Com
mittee.
The administrative committee are
appointed by the President and are re
sponsible to him. He is also made pri
marily responsible lor the enforce
ment of discipline in the University,
under the articles of organization of
the faculty. Tn the chapter referring
to the duties of the President, the sec
tions on this point read as follows:
"Sec. —lie shall be primarily re
sponsible for the enforcement of dis
cipline in the University.
"Sec. 8. —He shall appoint the stand
inn committees hereinafter designated
as administrative, and shall name the
chairmen of such committees."
