# Adv. 30 Page 8
## 
### 
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
25%
n:
%
>
Major Bank Cards Welcome
c
m
COURT
SHOES
>?
PALO ALTO
790 High St
at Homer
328 9288
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of famous
namecourtshoes.
Quantities limited.
Shopearly for
best selection!
Thissaleends
Oct. 27.
MTN VIEW
1931 El Camino
neit to Wherehouse
Records 967 9114
SAM MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
348-9376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Boardwalk
365 9201
