# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbering
at low prices
448 University Ave., P.A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
